April
April is the fourth month of the year with 30 days. The name April comes from that Latin word "aperire" which means "to open". This probably refers to growing plants in spring. April begins on the same day of week as "July" in all years and also "January" in leap years.
April's flower is the Sweet Pea and its birthstone is the Diamond. The meaning of the Diamond is Innocence.
April in poetry.
Poets use "April" to mean the end of winter. For example: "April showers bring May flowers."

Farming
Farming is the growing of crops or keeping of animals by people for food and raw materials. Farming can be called agriculture.
Overview.
Agriculture is not only growing food for people and animals, but also growing other things like flowers, ornamental plants (plants people use to improve the look of their homes) and nursery plants (plants people buy to grow food on their own farms and land), manure or dung, animal hides (skins or furs), leather, industrial chemicals (starch, ethanol, and plastics), fibers (cotton, wool, hemp, and flax), fuels (methane, biodiesel, biomass), and drugs (biopharmaceuticals, marijuana, opium)
Agriculture started at least about 10,000 years ago, but no one knows for sure how old it is. Agriculture and domestication started in the Fertile Crescent in East Africa and in the Middle East. The area called Fertile Crescent is now in the countries of Iraq, Syria, Turkey, Jordan, Lebanon, Israel, and Egypt. Wheat and barley are some of the first crops people grew. People probably started agriculture slowly by planting a few crops, but still gathered (got) many foods from the wild. People may have started farming because the weather and soil began to change. Farming can feed many more people than gathering on the same amount of land.
Farming actually started with the first nations. They might have originally kept tethered (tied with a rope) animals for extra food. Scientists have many theories about how farming started but most start with first nations, around the end of the ice age (about ten thousand years ago).
Many people live by doing what is called subsistence agriculture, on a small farm. Only the farmer's family lives on the farm. Subsistence agriculture is growing only enough food to feed the farmer, his family, and his animals. Extra food or animals are sold for money or other things the farmer cannot grow. The yield is the amount of food grown on a given amount of land, and the yield is often low. This is because subsistence farmers are generally less educated, and they have less money to buy equipment. When yields are low, forests are sometimes cut to provide new land to grow more food. This is good in the short term, but can be bad for the country and the surrounding environment over many years.
In rich countries, farms are often much larger. The yield on farms has gotten bigger in the last one hundred years because farmers are able to grow better varieties of plants, use more fertilizer, use more water, and more easily control weeds and pests. Many farms also use machines, which cut down on the number of people needed to farm the land. This results in fewer farmers in rich countries, but the farms are able to produce more food. This kind of intensive agriculture comes with its own set of problems. Farmers use a lot of chemical fertilizers, pesticides (chemicals that kill bugs), and herbicides (chemicals that kill weeds). These chemicals can pollute the soil or the water. They can also create bugs and weeds that are more resistant to the chemicals, causing outbreaks of these pests. The soil can be damaged by erosion (blowing or washing away), salt buildup, or loss of structure. Irrigation (adding water from rivers) can pollute water and lower the water table. Having fewer farmers also changes society and can make a country less able to feed itself in bad times.
Agriculture techniques.
Farmers select plants with better yield, taste, and nutritional value. They also chose plants that are more resistance to disease, more tolerant to drought, and those that are easier to harvest. Centuries of careful selection and breeding have had enormous effects on the characteristics of crop plants. The crops produce better yield with other techniques (use of fertilizers, chemical pest control, irrigation). For example, the yields of wheat in France are over 90 ha. In South America, the yields are 20 qx/ha. In Africa, the yields are less than 10 qx/ha.
Some companies have been searching for new plants in poor countries, and genetically modify these plants to improve them. They then try to patent the seeds and sell them back to the poor countries.
New plants were created with genetic engineering. One example of genetic engineering is modifying a plant to resist an herbicide.
Food.
It is important for there to be enough food for everyone. The food must also be safe and of good quality. Some people say the food is not always good. They say it is sometimes not safe, because it contains some chemicals. Other people say intensive agriculture is damaging the environment. For this reason, there are several types of agriculture.
Traditional agriculture is mostly done in poor countries.
Intensive agriculture is mostly done in wealthier countries. It uses pesticides, machinery, chemical fertilizers. Organic farming is using only natural products. Integrated farming is using local resources, and trying to use the waste from one process as a resource in another process.
Problems in agriculture.
There are some serious problems that face people trying to grow food today.
If the plants get a big amount of water they can die, if they get a small amount of water they can dry up and die, so that's why all plants need a perfect amount of water depending on what type of plant it is.
Crops.
The major crops produced in the world in 2002, are maize (corn), wheat, rice, and cotton.
"See also": List of domesticated plants, List of vegetables, List of herbs, List of fruit, List of domesticated animals
See also.
There are specialty producers who raise less common types of livestock or plants.
Aquaculture, the farming of fish, shrimp, and algae, is closely associated with agriculture.
Apiculture, the culture of bees, traditionally for honey, increasingly for crop pollination.
Animal husbandry means breeding and raising animals for meat or to harvest animal products (like milk, eggs, or wool) on a continual basis.

Apple
An apple is a kind of fruit.
The apple fruit is sometimes located on the branch of a tree. A ripe apple might also be green, brown or yellow. The shape of an apple is a ball. An apple is about 18 centimeters around.
The skin of the apple is thin. Apples are hard fruits. Apples can taste sweet. Apples can taste sour. Apples have seeds in the middle.
People first grew apple trees in Central Asia. Apples are now grown in most of the cooler parts of the world.
Sometimes apples are eaten after they are cooked. Often apples are eaten uncooked. Apples can also be made into drinks. Apple juice and apple cider are apple drinks.
The flesh of the fruit is firm with a taste anywhere from sour to sweet. Apples used for cooking are sour, and need to be cooked with sugar, while other apples are sweet, and do not need cooking. There are some seeds at the core, that can be removed with a tool that removes the core, or by carefully using a knife.
The scientific name of the apple tree genus in the Latin language is "Malus". Most apples that people grow are of the "Malus domestica" species.
Most apples are good to eat raw (not cooked), and are also used in many kinds of baked foods, such as apple pie. Apples are cooked until they are soft to make apple sauce.
Apples are also made into the drinks apple juice and cider. Usually, cider contains a little alcohol, about as much as beer. The regions of Brittany in France and Cornwall in England are known for their apple ciders.
If one wants to grow a certain type of apple it is not possible to do this by planting a seed from the wanted type. The seed will have DNA from the apple that the seeds came from, but it will also have DNA from the apple flower that pollinated the seeds, which may well be a different type. This means that the tree which would grow from planting would be a mixture of two. In order to grown a certain type of apple, a small twig, or 'scion', is cut from the tree that grows the type of apple desired, and then added on to a specially grown stump called a rootstock. The tree that grows will only create apples of the type needed.
In the United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom there are about 3000 different types of apples. The most common apple type grown in England is the 'Bramley seedling', which is a popular cooking apple.
Apple orchards are not as common as they were in the early 1900s, when apples were rarely brought in from other countries. Organisations such as teach people about the importance of rare and local varieties of fruit. 'Apple Day' is celebrated each October 21 in many places.
Family.
Apples are in the group Maloideae. It is a subfamily of the family "Rosaceae". They are in the same subfamily as pears. Its family is the family of rose like plants, and roses are in the family.

Angola
Angola is a country in Africa. The capital is Luanda. Angola is situated in the south of the continent.

Black_pudding
Black pudding is an English name for blood sausage. It is food made by cooking down the blood of any mammal (usually pigs or cattle) with meat, fat or filler until it is thick enough to congeal (become firm or solid) when cooled.
Types of Black pudding.
In England blood sausage is called "Black Pudding". The ingredients include pig's blood, suet, bread, barley and oatmeal. The most common kind of German "blutwurst" is made from fatty pork meat, beef blood and filler such as barley. Though already cooked and "ready to eat" it is usually served warm.
Other kinds of blood sausage include "boudin noir" (France), "boudin rouge" (Creole and Cajun) and "morcilla" (Spain).
History.
A legend says that blood sausage was invented in a bet between two Bavarian butchers drunk on the alcoholic drink absinthe during the 14th century. Homer's
"Odyssey" from Ancient Greece says that "As when a man besides a great fire has filled a sausage with fat and blood and turns it this way and that and is very eager to get it quickly roasted...".

Berry
The word berry is used for many different kinds of small fruits that has many seeds and can be eaten. Some examples are strawberry, raspberry, blueberry, and lingonberry.
A berry can be either one fruit (like strawberry) or many fruits joined together like raspberry).
Berries are small, sweet, juicy, bright coloured fruits. Due to this, they are able to bring more animals towards them and spread their seeds.
In daily life, grapes, currants, cranberries, blueberries, gooseberries, strawberries, blackberries, raspberries and boysenberris, are berries.
However, botanists (people who study plants) say that strawberries, blackberries, raspberries and boysenberries are not berries. Instead, they say that tomatoes, eggplants (brinjals), guavas, pomegranates and chillies are berries. Pumpkins, cucumbers, melons, oranges and lemons are modified (changed) berries.

Chemistry
Chemistry [kem'-ihs-tree] is the science of "chemical elements" and "compounds", and how these things work together. It is the study of the materials (things) that make up our bodies and everything in the world around us.
Chemistry began as a true science during the 1600s. This is when chemists discovered the simplest substances that make up all other substances. These simple substances are called "elements". For a long time before that, people were trying to study these things to figure out how to do things like turn lead into gold, but no one ever did. This was called alchemy [al-kem-mee].
A chemical "compound" is a substance made up of two or more "elements".
Things studied in chemistry.
Chemical compounds --
Chemical elements --
Physical change --
Chemical change --
Physical property --
Chemical property --
Scientific method --
SI base unit
Chemical formula --
Chemical bond --
Chemical equation --
Chemical reaction

Creator
A Creator is a person who creates something.
In some religions (Judaism, Christianity, Islam) God (or Allah meaning the God in Arabic) is the most important and original Creator of the whole Universe - including Man who is made "in his image"(see Genesis) to observe it and control it like God. The idea that anything that a person is creating, like an idea, can be owned as property comes from the ethical traditions and legal codes that came from these religions.
In other traditions (Buddhism, Native American religions) anyone has this potential for creating, and can become part of the greater creating of the universe. Stewardship of home, land and all of Earth is a test for participating in this, or just good sense. Sometimes this belief is not well understood, and poorly translated (such as the verb in Native American languages meaning "the greatest creating" being translated into English as Creator) by those who only understand the "Man in God's image" view. This view has often been projected onto people who do not believe in it, along with concepts of intellectual rights inappropriate for those peoples.

Chat
To chat is to talk about ordinary things that are not very important. You can chat to one person or to many people. People also use this word now for parts of the Internet where we can talk with many different people at the same time. Usually, you chat on the Internet in a chat room or messaging service like AOL Instant Messenger (AIM), Yahoo Messenger Windows Live Messenger or Tencent QQ. There are also programs which which let you use different messaging services from one program, such as Pidgin.

Crust
The crust of a piece of bread is the edge where it is harder and darker.

Cube
A cube is a block with all right angles and whose height, width and depth are all the same.
A cube is one of the simplest mathematical shapes in space. Something that is shaped like a cube is sometimes referred to as "cubic".
Relative 2-dimensional shape.
The 2-dimensional shape (like a circle, square, triangle, etc) that a cube is made of is squares. The sides (faces) of a cube are squares. The edges are straight lines. The corners (vertices) are at right angles. A cube has 8 corners, 12 edges and 6 sides.

Diarrhea
Diarrhea (say "dy-a-re-ya"), also spelled diarrhoea, is feces that are runny or liquid. In a baby it is the most common symptom of malnutrition. This means not eating enough, or well enough.
There are many other diseases that cause it. Most are temporary and related to diet - the food you eat. Food safety and hand washing can cut the risk of getting diarrhea. Some causes other than disease are stress and drinking too much alcohol.
In developing nations, malnutrition is a common cause of child death. Diarrhea is often treated with aspirin or glucose - these reduce pain and may stop some symptoms for a while. However, if the root cause is malnutrition, it will not save the child's life. Spending money on rehydrating salts, clean water, and more food is wiser, as the first step.
The opposite of diarrhea, firm feces are a sign of good digestive health. Many people adopt vegetarian diets with high dietary fibre to prevent diarrhea and other digestive problems.

Encyclopedia
An encyclopedia (or "encyclopædia", "cyclopædia") is a collection (usually a book) of information about things humans know.
Word origin.
The word "encyclopedia" is Latin and comes from Greek. The words "εγκύκλιος παιδεία", "enkyklios paideia" mean "in a circle of teaching". It is from "εγκύκλιος", "in a circle" from "κύκλος" "circle" and "παιδεία", meaning "teaching".
The word "εγκύκλιος" can also mean "general": perhaps the people who made the Latin name "encyclopedia" did not understand the Greek word well. Perhaps the name should mean "general teaching".
In Canada and the UK, and some other countries affected by the British Empire, encyclopedia is spelt mostly as "encyclopædia".
History.
People have made encyclopedias for hundreds of years, but the name "encyclopedia" is from the 16th century.
Types of encyclopedias.
There are different types of encyclopedia. Some are general and have pages on lots of topics. The English language "Encyclopædia Britannica" and German "Brockhaus" are general encyclopedias. Some are about specific topics. For example, there are encyclopedias of medicine or philosophy. There are also some encyclopedias that have lots of topics with one point of view or one cultural bias. The "Great Soviet Encyclopedia" is one of these.
Many dictionaries have a different sort of information as encyclopedias. Examples are the Dictionary of National Biography, the Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships, and Black's Law Dictionary.
There are two main ways of organizing encyclopedias: from A to Z (the alphabetical way) or by categories. Most encyclopedias go from A to Z.
There are also printed encyclopedias, and encyclopedias in the computer, such as Wikipedia, the largest computer encyclopedia.
Encyclopedias.
The largest encyclopedia is Wikipedia in English, which has more than 2 million articles now. The second largest, is the Encyclopaedia Britannica, which is the largest one that is printed. Stacy Schiff, a writer, says that Wikipedia is not as good as other encyclopedias because anyone can change it, so some people may write things that are wrong. Also, the way that Wikipedia works means that there is likely to be bias. On the other hand, Tyler Cowen, an Economist, says that other non-fiction writing may also have the same problems.

Ecology
Ecology is the science that studies the interactions of organisms with their environment and with one another. It comes from the Greek words "oikos" (habitat) and "logos" (study). It deals with energy relationships and tracing them to our sun, the source of energy used in photosynthesis.
Ecology, biology and other Life Sciences overlap with zoology and geography, which describe the things that ecology tries to predict, and energy economics which describes mostly human food chains and trophic levels.
Terrestrial ecoregion and climate change research are two areas where ecologists (people studying ecology) now focus.
Ecology in politics.
Ecology starts many powerful philosophical and political movements - including the conservation movement, wellness movement, environmental movement, and ecology movement we know today. When these are combined with peace movements and the Six Principles, they are called green movements. In general, these put ecosystem health first on a list of human moral and political priorities, as the way to achieve better human health and social harmony, and better economics.
People with these beliefs are called political ecologists. Some have organized into the Green Parties, but there are actually political ecologists in most political parties. They very often use arguments from ecology to advance policy, especially forest policy and energy policy.
Also, ecology means that it is the branch of biology dealing with the relations and interactions between organisms and their environment, including other organisms.
Ecology includes economics.
Ecological economics and human development theory try to separate the economic questions from others, but it is difficult. Many people think economics is just part of ecology now, and that economics that ignores it is wrong. "Natural capital" is an example of one theory combining both.
Ecology mirrors anthropology.
Sometimes ecology is compared to anthropology, because both use a lot of methods to study one thing we cannot live without. Anthropology is about how our bodies and minds are affected by our environment, while ecology is about how our environment is affected by our bodies and minds. There is even a type of anthropology called ecological anthropology, which studies how people interact with the environment.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery stated: "The earth teaches us more about ourselves than all the books. Because it resists us. Man discovers himself when he measures himself against the obstacle."

Flesch-Kincaid_Reading_Level
The Flesch-Kincaid Reading level measures textual difficulty and tells you the grade level of a text.
The Flesch-Kincaid index tells how easy something is to read. It does this by counting the number of syllables in every word and the number of words in every sentence. Then some math is done. The number will represent a grade-school level. For example, a sentence with a score of 8.0 means that someone in 8th grade could understand it. Normal writing is usually between 7 and 8.
0.39 x Average No. of words in sentences + 11.8 x Average No. of syllables per word - 15.59

Foot
A foot (one "foot", two or more feet) is a body part on the end of a leg. We use it when walking, and it is important for balance: it helps us stand straight. We also use it to kick, in both fighting and sports, football being an example.
People's hands and feet have the same shape: they both have five "digits" (the fingers and toes). Many other animals with backbones also have five digits. The part of the foot which joins it to the leg is called the "heel". The bottom of the foot is called the "sole". Half the bones in our body are in the foot. Doctors who work with people's feet are "podiatrists" or "chiropodists".
Animals often have feet, and there are a lot of different sorts of foot. When an animal has soft feet, or feet with soft parts on the underside, we often call it a "paw".
In many societies, people like to cover the foot when they are with others, especially outside. In many cultures (for example North American, European, Japanese and others) people wear clothing over the foot to keep it safe. This footwear has special names, for example "sandals", "shoes", and "boots". When people always wear footwear, especially in hot places or when they are very active, their feet can smell badly ("foot odour"). If footwear is too big or small, it can be bad for the feet when the person wears the shoe, and also much later. But people who have foot, leg, and back problems can also get help from special shoes.
People have different traditions in different parts of the world for when to wear footwear. For example, in much of Europe and Canada, people usually do not wear their shoes or boots in a home or visiting. In the United States people often wear shoes inside a home. In Japan, people do not wear shoes, and floors are often made of very soft materials, too soft for shoes. In cultures where people always wear shoes, people sometimes think it is bad not to wear them. But wearing no shoes is good for the feet, especially for children's feet.
Conditions like Athlete's foot affect the feet, causing the feet to feel dry and cracked.

GNU_Free_Documentation_License
The GNU Free Documentation License (GFDL) is a copyleft license for open content. It was made up by the Free Software Foundation (FSF) for the GNU project. It was initially created for use with software documentation, but can be applied to other types of works as well.
As a copyright license, the GFDL is a type of contract between the creator of a copyrightable work (such as a book, an encyclopedia article, a painting, or a piece of music) and anyone else who might want to use it. The GFDL is considered "copyleft" because the license is meant to make it easier to use and re-use the copyrighted work, not to restrict its use.
If a copyrightable work is released under the GFDL, the creator of the work is saying that anyone else may reproduce, distribute, or modify the work, as long as they follow a set of requirements specified in the GFDL. Among the requirements of the GFDL are that any new work created from the original work is also licensed under the GFDL — that is, once something is licensed as GFDL, it will always stay licensed as GFDL, and anything which uses it also is licensed as GFDL. (Because the license "reproduces" and stays with the work, this is sometimes called a "viral" license.)
The GFDL also says that in order to distribute or modify a work licensed with the GFDL, the re-user must give credit to any previous authors of the work, and include a list of changes they made to the work.
Finally, any work licensed with the GFDL must contain, somewhere, the entire text of the license. This provision has been criticized, because it is not always easy to include an entire, long license with a copyrighted work. In a book, for example, it is easy to include one extra page with the license, but if the work is something like a song, or a photograph, it is not easy.
The GFDL has other requirements that are more complicated. For example, if part of the work is labeled as an "invariant section," it cannot ever be removed or changed by someone using the work ("invariant" means "does not change").
Works licensed under the GFDL may be included in with non-GFDL-licensed works only if it is clear which parts of the work are licensed as the GFDL. For example, in a book of poetry it would be easy to label some poems as licensed under the GFDL and some not licensed under it. But it would not be easy to label if part of a song was licensed as GFDL and the rest was not, so this would not be allowed.
Any use of GFDL material which violates the terms of the GFDL is potentially copyright infringement.
A number of online projects use the GFDL. The largest online project to license its content under the GFDL is Wikipedia.
The GFDL has been criticized by many people who wish that it made it even easier for content to be re-used. Among the criticisms are that it is very hard to combine GFDL material with other copyleft licenses, that it is not always clear and easy to understand, and that some of its requirements, such as the "invariant sections", are not free at all.

Geometry
Geometry is a kind of mathematics used to work with shapes.
Examples of Shapes in Geometry.
There are flat shapes and solid shapes in geometry.
Squares, circles and triangles are some of the simplest shapes in flat geometry. Cubes, cylinders, cones and spheres are simple shapes in solid geometry.
Measuring in Geometry.
Geometry can be used to measure the area and perimeter of a flat shape. It can also be used to measure a solid shape's volume and surface area.
How is Geometry Used?
Many things have the shapes found in geometry.
Where Did Geometry Come From?
Geometry began as the art of measuring the shape of land so that it could be shared fairly between people. It means to measure the land. It has grown from this to become one of the most important parts of mathematics. The Greek mathematician Euclid wrote the first book about geometry.
Some Simple Ideas in Geometry.
A point is shown on paper by touching it with a pencil or pen, without making any sideways movement. We know where the point is, but it has no size.
A straight line is the shortest distance between two points. For example, Sophie pulls a piece of string from one point to another point. A straight line between the two points will follow the path of the tight string.
A plane is flat surface that does not stop in any direction. A ball placed any place on this flat surface will not move if gravity on the surface is constant.

Hawaii_(island)
The Island of Hawai'i is the largest of the U.S. Hawaiian Islands, and the southern. The island is built from seven separate shield volcanoes that erupted more or less one at a time, one partly covering the other. The later volcanoes mostly buried two of the earlier ones. These are (from oldest to youngest): Kohala (extinct), Ninole (extinct, mostly buried), Mauna Kea (extinct or dormant?), Hualalai (dormant), Mauna Loa (active), Kulani (extinct, mostly buried), and Kilauea (very active).
The largest city on the island is Hilo. It is on the rainy east side of the island. The city of Kailua-Kona is on the dry west side of Hawaii, and is popular with tourists.
Called locally the "Big Island," its area is 4,038 sq. miles (10 458 square kilometers). The widest part of the island is 93 miles (150 km) across.
The Big Island makes up more than half (~62%) of the total land area of the State of Hawaii and is governed under the County of Hawaii.

Helium
Helium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol He and atomic number 2.
Helium is called a noble gas, because it does not regularly mix with other chemicals and form new compounds. It has the lowest boiling point of all the elements. It is the second most common element in the universe, after hydrogen, and has no color or smell. Helium does not usually react with anything else. However, it can react with tungsten, iodine, fluorine, sulfur and phosphorus under very special conditions.
Pierre Janssen and Norman Lockyer found helium in 1868. They found that it was in the Sun before it was found on Earth. Because of where it was found, its name comes from the Greek word for Sun, "helios".
It is used to fill balloons and airships because it is lighter than air, and does not burn or react, meaning it is normally safe for using it in that way. It is also used in some kinds of light bulbs. People also breathe it in to make their voices sound higher than they normally do as a joke, but this is extremely dangerous if they breath in too much, since it can kill them, since they are not breathing normal air. Breathing too much helium can also cause long-term effects to vocal cords.

Idiom
An idiom is a word or phrase which means something different from what it says - it is usually a metaphor.
Idioms are common phrases or terms whose meanings are not literal, but are figurative and only known through their common use.
Because idioms can mean something different from what the words mean it is difficult for someone not very good at speaking the language to use them properly. Some idioms are only used by some groups of people or at certain times. The idiom "break a leg", means "good luck" to an actor about to start acting, but not to other people.
Idioms are not the same thing as slang. Idioms are made of normal words that have a special meaning known by almost everyone. Slang is usually special words that are known only by a particular group.
To learn a language a person needs to learn the words in that language, and how and when to use them. But people also need to learn idioms separately because certain words together or at certain times can have different meanings. In order to understand an idiom, one sometimes needs to know the culture the idiom comes from.
To know the history of an idiom can be useful and interesting, but is not necessary to be able to use the idiom properly. For example most native British English speakers know that "No room to swing a cat" means "there was not a lot of space" and can use the idiom properly, but few know it is because 200 years ago sailors were punished by being whipped with a whip called a "cat o'nine tails". A big space was cleared on the ship so that the person doing the whipping had a lot of room to "swing the cat".
Addendum.
A better understanding of an idiom is that it is a phrase whose meaning cannot be understood from the dictionary definitions of each word taken separately. In this case, a metaphor is not an idiom. The meaning of the saying "pay through the nose" or "run like the wind" can be understood by looking the words up in a dictionary and using some common sense and imagination and the context of the phrase.
In each of the above cases, to a language learner, the meaning of the phrases cannot be understood from the dictionary definitions of the words, nor from the context in which they are used.

Infinity
Infinity, also written formula_1, is larger than any number that can possibly be imagined. The term is from a Latin word meaning "without end".
Infinity is really not a number, but it is sometimes used as one. Numbers can be counted, but infinity cannot be counted. Now, people are proposing that infinity is just an abstract concept.
Infinity can be broken up in two different kinds; potential and actual infinity. Potential infinity is a process that never stops. For example, adding 10 to a number. No matter how many times 10 is added, 10 more can still be added. Actual infinity is something that we cannot imagine or put a value on in our system of concepts.

Knowledge
Knowledge means the "things someone knows", such as information they have learned. If someone understands an idea or is aware of something, then he or she has "knowledge" of it. When it makes sense to someone, this "knowledge" becomes "understanding". A "knowledgeable" person is someone who knows a lot. If someone has "know-how" it means that they can put "knowledge" to work in doing or building something.
Origin.
Knowledge comes from being in an environment, having some experience there, and then sharing what was learned - so that others do not have to be in that environment or have that experience to "know" what someone else knows.
Type of knowledge.
When doing science, it is necessary to set up a strict experiment so that the important elements of the environment and experience are repeatable and so that simple numbers or models can be shared afterward.
Other types of knowledge.
Other types of knowledge can be for a more specific purpose, for example learning a language. In business the field of knowledge sharing deals with the use of computers to record and share what employees know.
KnowledgePoints.
A franchised learning center called is known for its affordable tutoring and proven results, always a learning favourite.

Ludovic_Lazarus_Zamenhof
Ludovic Lazarus (Ludwik Lejzer) Zamenhof (December 15, 1859 - April 14, 1917) was a Jewish-Polish eye doctor and scholar who created the international language Esperanto.
Zamenhof was born in 1859 in the town of Białystok, Poland. At the time, Poland was a part of the Russian Empire. Bialystok contained three major groups: Poles, Belorussians, and Yiddish-speaking Jews. Zamenhof thought that one common language would join these groups and stop fights between them.
His first language was said to be Polish. His parents spoke Russian and Yiddish in the home. His father was a German teacher, so Zamenhof learned that language from an early age. Later he learned French, Latin, Greek, Hebrew and English. He also had an interest in Italian, Spanish and Lithuanian.
Zamenhof decided that the international language must have a simple grammar and be easier to learn than Volapuk, an earlier international language. The basics of Esperanto were published in 1887.

Like
As works in the same way as example 2 - comparing two things using either the word "like" or the word "as" is called making a simile ("As big as an elephant"). It may be better to use the word "as" for this to stop confusion with example 1.

March
March is the third month of the year with 31 days. March is named after Mars, the Roman god of war.
In ancient Rome, March was called Martius. It was named after the war god (Mars) and the Romans thought that it was a lucky time to begin a war.
March's flower is the Jonquil and its birthstone is the Bloodstone. The meaning of the Bloodstone is Courage.

Microsoft
Microsoft Corporation is a very big company which makes computer software and videogames all over the world. Bill Gates and Paul Allen started the company in 1975. Microsoft makes Windows, Microsoft Office (including Microsoft Word), Internet Explorer, MSN, and the Xbox 360. These are just the most popular products - they make a lot of other ones too.
Most Microsoft programs cannot be downloaded for free - people have to buy them in a shop or online. Some products (like the operating system, Windows) are already installed when people buy a new computer.
Products.
Windows is Microsoft's best-known product. It is an operating system, which means that it is the basic software that makes people's computers work and lets other programs work. Most computers have some kind of Windows, like Windows XP or Windows Vista.
Microsoft Office is also very popular, and it lets people write documents on their computer with Microsoft Word, make charts and graphs with Microsoft Excel, make presentations with Microsoft PowerPoint, and other things.
Internet Explorer lets people look at things on the Internet. Microsoft makes other programs on the Internet. A lot of it is called "Windows Live"-"service", like Windows Live Hotmail.
The Xbox and the new Xbox 360 are videogame "consoles", which means they let people play videogames on their TV. Microsoft is one of three big companies that make consoles. The other two are Nintendo and Sony. Xbox Live lets people play online against other people anywhere in the world.
Microsoft also makes many PC games.

Milky_Way
The Milky Way is the galaxy that our Sun and we live in. It is named for the very bright band of stars that are best seen in the Southern Hemisphere. This band looks like milk. From there, the bright centre of the galaxy can be seen. In the Northern Hemisphere its edge can be seen. Since the Sun and Earth are about three quarters of the way to the edge, and since there are few stars at the edge, there is a very big difference in brightness.
The name of the "Milky Way" comes from the Latin language, and it is a translation of "Via Lactea". This name was taken from the Greek word "Galaxia" (galax means "milk").
A galaxy is a big group of millions of stars that all orbit around their galactic centre, like planets orbit a star. It probably takes millions of years for a star to go all the way around the galaxy, and 225 million years for the sun to go around the galaxy.
These cycles are important, because different areas of the galaxy have more asteroids, that will become meteors if they hit the Earth's atmosphere. Very large ones can do horrible damage - many scientists believe dinosaurs were made extinct by an asteroid that hit Earth about 65 million years ago. About every 30 million years, astronomers believe, the Sun and Earth go through a part of the galaxy that has more asteroids. At this time there is great danger. This is supposed to be coming up soon, either right now or in million years (nobody really knows) - but certainly before five million years.
Another way the Milky Way has affected things is by superstitious belief in astrology. The Incan Empire was created in less than a hundred years because its founders believed that, when the Milky Way moved to a certain point in the sky by stellar precession, time would end. They wanted to be ready. That time was almost exactly when Spain invaded. The Inca did not fight because they believed the Spaniards to be divine justice. Their empire was destroyed and became part of what is now Peru.

Metre
A metre (US spelling, "meter") is the basic unit of length in the SI measurement system. The abbreviation for the metre is m. According to the earliest definition (dating to the French Revolution), it was 1/10,000,000th (one ten-millionth) of the distance between the Earth's equator and the North Pole along the Paris meridian. The metre is now officially defined as the distance light travels in a vacuum in 1/299,792,458th of a second.
In the imperial system of measurement, one metre is equal to about 39.37 inches, 3.28 feet, or about 1.09 yards.
Units based on the metre.
"*Note: units in bold are the most commonly used."

Name
Name is a word (or a set of words) given to things and people.
For example, "cat" is the name of a kind of animal. "Ryan" is a name of a person.
The word 'name' can also be used as a verb. To name something is to give it a name.
People's names.
In many cultures, there are rules and customs about how to give a person a name.
Some of the rules are defined by laws, and others are defined by traditions (doing things in the way they have been done for a long time).
1. Number of parts of a name
In some cultures, a person has a one-part name, such as "ShiningWater."
In other cultures, a person has a two-part name, such as "John Smith."
In some cultures, a person can have any number of name parts. In the United States, for example, some people have three: first name, middle name, and last name. Other people have only two: a first and last name.
In Chinese cultures, it is typical for a person to have three-part name, such as "Cheah Ching San." Where "Cheah" is the surname. Written in English format a comma is introduced making it "Ching San, Cheah."
2. Relations with names of parents and other relatives
In some cultures, people have the same "family name" (or surname) as their parents. For example, the father of John Smith may be Mike Smith. And Mike Smith's father may be James Smith. The "Smith" part is the same for all the family.
In other cultures, a person has the same name as his or her father, but the name is in a different place. For example, Shafiq Hanif's son may be Hanif Kamal. Hanif is in both the father's and son's name.
In some cultures, a name changes when people marry, divorce, go through some religious ceremony, etc. For example, in some Spanish-speaking countries, people use two last names: their mother's father's name and their father's name. If Elena Rodriguez Gomez and Jose Sanchez Soria marry, she may change her name to Elena Rodriguez de Sanchez, and their child could be named Pilar Sanchez Rodriguez, taking the names of both of her grandfathers.
In some cultures, personal names come from history. In most European countries, some first names are taken from the Bible. In some cultures, names are taken from a relative. In other cultures, a name shows what the parents hope their child will be like. A baby may be given a name Wisdom because parents hope the baby will be a wise girl or boy.
Some cultures avoid giving people a name of an animal. For example, there is no name like dog, cat, snake, owl, or fish in Japanese people's first names. But in some cultures animal names may be good.
In some languages and cultures, you can tell if a word is a person's name or not by just looking at the spelling or listening to its pronunciation. There are some other linguistic patterns. For example, many Chinese names are made up of three syllables.
6. Use of names, titles, nicknames, etc.
In some cultures, people use names when they call each other. In other cultures, people use their nicknames. In some other cultures, people use their titles ("father," "professor," etc.) when they call each other.
7. Spelling of names, titles, nicknames, etc.
In the English language, names exclusively are usually pronounced in correlation with the spelling, however can be pronounced as desired, eg. John is (jon) but can also be (ned). However not probable, is held true in the English rules of grammar.
Japanese names.
Here are some things that are often found in Japanese names today. In the past, people went by different rules.
1. Number of parts of a name
Japanese names have two parts. One is the family name and the other is the given name.
"Suzuki Ichiro" is a name of a Japanese person. Suzuki is the family name, and Ichiro is the first name. In the Japanese language, the family name comes first, and the given name comes second. (It is like writing Smith John, instead of John Smith.)
Only some members of the royal family do not have a family name.
2. Relations with names of parents and other relatives
A newborn baby gets a family name from their parents. The parents have the same family name. So, a son of Ono Yoko (female) and Ono Ken (male) is Ono something.
The family name Ono is mostly shared by the paternal (male) part of the family. So Ono Ken's parents have the family name Ono, but Ono Yoko's parents probably do not.
Names of people change when they marry and divorce. It is a custom in many parts of the world that women change their family name to that of their new husband when they marry. However, in Europe and North America especially, many women no longer do this even though their mothers and grandmothers may have. Sometimes, the man will take the woman's family name.
6. Use of names, titles, nicknames, etc.

North_America
North America is a continent in the Northern half of Earth, located to the east of the Pacific Ocean, the West of the Atlantic Ocean, the South of the Arctic Ocean, and the North of South America. It is the north part of the Americas.
All of the countries and islands in the Caribbean are also part of North America.

O_Canada
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada.
Calixa Lavallée wrote the music; Adolphe-Basile Routhier wrote the words in French. It was first sung in French in 1880. Robert Stanley Weir wrote English words for the song in 1908.
It was sung as the national anthem for many years before the government made it official in 1980.
O Canada! Our home and native land,
True patriot love in all thy sons command!
With glowing hearts we see thee rise
The True North strong and free,
From far and wide, O Canada,
We stand on guard for thee.
God keep our land glorious and free!
O Canada, we stand on guard for thee;
O Canada, we stand on guard for thee.
Here are the words in French. The words in French and English do not mean the same thing.
Ô Canada! Terre de nos aĩeux,
Ton front est ceint de fleurons glorieux!
Car ton bras sait porter l'épée,
Et ta valeur de foi trempée
Protégera nos foyers et nos droits;
Protégera nos foyers et nos droits.

Politics
Politics are the way that people living in groups make decisions.
Politics is about making agreements between people so that they can live together in groups such as tribes, cities, or countries. In large groups, such as countries, some people may spend a lot of their time making such agreements. These people are called politicians. Politicians, and sometimes other people, may get together to form a government. The study of politics in universities is called political science, political studies, or public administration.
In everyday life, the term "politics" refers to the way that countries are governed, and to the ways that governments make rules and laws. But politics can also be seen in other groups, too, such as in big companies, schools, and churches.
Governments.
One of the ways the government leads the group is by making laws and rules which tell everybody what they can and can not do. The government makes these laws so that society will be safe and well-ordered. The law that "you must not drink alcohol while driving a car" stops people from drunk driving, which could kill people. The law "you must wear a helmet on a motorcycle" makes sure that people protect themselves.
The government can also control people and what happens in a country in other ways besides making laws.
Politics is often compared to ethics (ideas about right and wrong). Ethics is a more abstract study of right and wrong. Ethics is usually more concerned with principle than law or politics or diplomacy, so many people think ethics is not practical. But without some agreement on ethics, there is probably no way to even have a public debate, a legal system or an election. There is always some agreement on ethics and personal conduct in a political system.
Political parties.
In most countries, people have formed political parties to put forward their ideas. There is usually some disagreement between people within a party, but they work together because they feel that they agree on enough things, and they will have more power if they join together. They agree to take the same position on many issues, and agree to support the same changes to law and the same leaders. An election is usually a competition between different parties.
Left-wing and right-wing political parties.
University professors of political science and politicians often divide politics into two sides: left-wing politics and right-wing politics. This simplified model helps to explain the main differences of opinion held by different people.
A person who believes in right-wing political ideas often believes in moral and social conservatism, law and order, and free trade. A person who believes in left-wing political ideas often believes that the money of a country should be given to the poor people in a country, and that the government should be involved more in the economy.
History.
The Greek philosopher Aristotle wrote that humans are a political animal and that ethics and politics are closely linked.
Niccolo Machiavelli wrote that politics was firstly about having and keeping power. He said that without power, a leader could do nothing.
In 1651, Thomas Hobbes wrote "Leviathan", a book about politics. Hobbes wrote that people living in groups often give up some of their rights in exchange for some protections from a government.
In the 1800s, John Stuart Mill developed the "liberal" idea of politics. Mill said that democracy is the most important political development of the 1800s. He said that there should be more protection for individual rights against the government. Bernard Crick wrote a list of the political virtues, which were about best practices of politics itself.
International politics.
There are also disagreements between different countries. Attempts to solve the problem with meetings and negotiations are then called diplomacy. This is just politics between nations instead of politics within nations. If the problems are very serious, and they are not resolved by diplomatic meetings they can lead to war.

Paradox
A paradox is a sentence in logic that cannot be true but also cannot be false. Many famous problems of this kind exist.
One of most famous paradoxes is called the liar's paradox. It is the simple sentence "This sentence is a lie."
If the sentence is true, then it is a lie, as it says. But if it is a lie, how can it be true? A lie cannot also be the truth. So the sentence being true makes it a lie.
If the sentence is a lie, then it is not as it says, it is true. But that is just what the sentence says. So that makes it true. So the sentence being a lie makes it true.
This paradox is not just true in English but in any language powerful enough for a sentence to make a claim about itself. This is true of mathematics as well. Paradox can never be removed from any symbol system that makes claims about itself.
Another example is the statement that there is no cabal. Only a cabal can know if there is no cabal, so this is either a guess, or, it is a cabal trying to pretend it does not exist.
A paradox can also arise in ethics. Taking power over others is often also required to protect them, but also, one of the things being protected is their ability to do as they please, which this power interferes with. There is another article on ethical dilemma which means "a paradox arising in ethics".
Because a paradox forces us to think "out of the box", about possibilities other than true or false in logic, right or wrong in morality, it is considered very important in education. People who do not see a paradox where others do, are likely to be too certain they are right.

Pluto
orbit: 5,913,520,000 km (39.5 AU) from the Sun (average)
Pluto is a dwarf planet in our Solar System. It is made of rock and ice. It is very cold on Pluto with temperatures between -218°C (about -360 Fahrenheit) and -240°C (-400 Fahrenheit).
Pluto is 2390 kilometres across, which is about two-thirds as wide as the Moon and about one fifth as wide as the Earth.
Pluto is thirteen million tonnes in mass. The Earth has about 460 times the mass of Pluto. The Moon has about five and a half times the mass of Pluto.
Clyde Tombaugh found Pluto in 1930. Pluto was named after the Roman god of hell. This name was suggested by Venetia Burney from England. She was eleven years old at the time. Others say it was named using the initials of Percival Lowell, the scientist who had computed its position in the sky years before Pluto actual discovery.
Pluto has three moons: Charon, Nix, and Hydra. Charon is 1190 km across, half as wide as Pluto. Charon is about 19,410 km away from Pluto. Pluto and Charon spin around each other making the two look like a double dwarf planet. Nix and Hydra are much smaller, about 45-160 km across, about 44,000 km from Pluto. Charon was found in June 1978 and Nix and Hydra were found in June 2005.
There are eight planets in the Solar System. Pluto is very different from these eight planets. It is smaller than them and follows a different kind of path around the Sun. Pluto sometimes gets closer to the Sun than Neptune, because of the path it follows.
Mercury is the Solar System's smallest planet. Mercury is about twice as wide as Pluto. Mercury has about twenty-five times the mass of Pluto.
Pluto used to the ninth planet of the solar system. However, in August 2006 the International Astronomical Union said that Pluto should not be called a planet anymore. They said that it should be called a dwarf planet instead. This is because Pluto is very different from the other eight planets, and does not completely fill the accepted scientific definition of a proper planet.

Religion
Religion is a word for the ideas about the basic structure of the world that people cannot see or know with our other senses, or that scientists cannot study with machines. There are many different religions in the world.
Religions try to answer important but mysterious questions like "Where did the world come from?" and "What happens to us after we die?" When people believe that they have answers to these questions, they often start new religions, or add their new ideas to old religions. Many religions believe in supernatural beings such as spirits, angels, devils, polytheistic gods, or a monotheistic god, who can influence people and the world. People who teach or write about religion often say that they got their ideas from a supernatural being.
Many religions are very old, but new religions are always being created when some people aren't satisfied with the answers from the old religions. Things which are considered important and good by religions are called sacred or holy. Many religions have sacred books that give the most important ideas and stories of their religions.
Religions often teach how they believe people should behave in order to live happily together and/or to please God. Many religions believe that people who live in the right way will go to a pleasant place, or (heaven), after they die, or that people who live in a wrong way will go to a bad place, or (hell). How long one stays in these places depends on which belief system is asked. Hindus and Buddhists believe in temporary heavens and hells, where people go for being either extremely righteous or extremly evil, before uniting with God. Christians and Muslims, on the other hand, believe that heaven and hell are eternal states.
Some religions believe in the "Resurrection" - that God will bring some, most or all dead people alive again one day; while other religions believe in "Reincarnation" - that people will be born again as a new person or as an animal after they die. Usually this is believed to be according to how a person acts in their previous life. Some religions believe a mixture of all of these ideas.
Most religions teach people to be good and to help each other, but unfortunately religions also sometimes create problems. This is partly because the questions of religion are so important to people, and because it is difficult to be sure which answers are correct. Many people are unhappy when other people do not agree with their ideas about religion, or when they think that people will cause problems for their religion.
When this happens, people sometimes make wars against people of other religions, or punish people who do not agree with their ideas about religion. This has happened many times in history, and continues to happen today. At other times, wars have been begun for more selfish reasons that had really nothing to do with religion, but in order to win more support for these wars, the kings or politicians would try hard to make it seem to be about religion, or would give the people a supposedly 'religious' reason for fighting a war.
Many religions build buildings for their people to meet. In different religions, these buildings may be called churches, mosques, synagogues, temples, pathis, or shrines.
Many of the oldest, most beautiful, and most famous buildings are religious buildings.
Opposed to any form of religion is atheism, its argumentation can be support by such conceptions like Law of three stages
"See List of religions for more."

Reward
A reward is getting something good for doing a given task. It needs someone who has the power to give the good thing. It is the opposite of punishment.
Ideas like risk and reward, reward and punishment are based on the idea that people do things, or avoid doing things, to get rewards. In psychology there is another idea that this is not true. This other idea says that training (conditioning) and emotions (affective factors) are much more important than the rewards or punishments given by others.
In trying to catch criminals and other bad people, the government often offers money to people. This money is given to people who may capture the criminal, or give information that helps the police catch them. For example after the Eureka Stockade rebellion in Ballarat, Victoria in 1854, the government offered a big reward of 400 pounds for the capture of the people who had started it.
In 2001, the US government offered a big reward of 2.5 million dollars for help in capturing the person who had sent anthrax in letters to a newspaper journalist and 2 senators. Anthrax is a disease which can kill people.

Sport
A sport is an activity that has rules and usually requires physical activity, like running. Sports can keep people active and healthy. They can be played indoors or outdoors.

Social_capital
Social capital is the willingness of people to help each other. It often replaces money which people would use to buy the same help.
Society works best when there is plenty of social capital. The less social capital there is, the more social problems there usually are. If there is no social capital, war and revolution often results.
People who have no money and cannot get help from society may have to agree to do things they do not want to do, or force others to do things they do not want to. Organized crime grows in this way, and so do forced labour and slavery.
Most ways of measuring social capital have to do with trust - people who trust that favours and help will be available when they need it will favour and help others more. Those who are seen as trying to get a free ride will get much less help. A social climber tries to earn social capital by making friends with those who have it but without actually helping. Some call this kind of person a social parasite. They are very hard to detect, unlike people who cheat or commit fraud. When there are too many of these kinds of people, especially when they are politicians, people begin to mistrust their government. Rather than work with a political party to change law, they may start to look for direct revenge for things.
Social capital is a lot like real capital. The more money a person or a society has, the easier it is to do things and the better off people are. The less money, the more difficult things become and the worse people feel.

Skin
Skin is the outside covering of animals. The skin of different kinds of animals is very different. Many kinds of animals have hair or fur on their skin. Birds have feathers on their skin. Most fish, and reptiles like snakes and lizards, have scales on their skin.
The skin of human beings (people) usually has very small hairs on it that are hard to see. Some people have more hair, or hair that is easier to see, and some have less. People have hair that is longer and easier to see on some parts of their bodies, such as the tops of their heads and men's beards.
The skin of animals can be made into leather. Leather is sometimes used to make shoes, bags, and balls.
Other things can be said to have "skins". People often say that fruits, such as apples and bananas, and vegetables, such as potatoes, have "skins".

Saturn_(planet)
orbit: 1,429,400,000 km (9.54 AU) from Sun
Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun. It is a gas giant, meaning it is mostly made of gas and does not have a solid surface. It is the second largest planet in the Solar System, the largest being Jupiter. The planet was named after the Roman god Saturnus, equivalent to the Greek god Cronos. Saturn's symbol is ♄ which is the symbol of Saturnus' sickle.
Saturn has a very large system of rings made of ice with smaller amounts of rocks and dust. It has 59 moons, plus 3 others that are not confirmed yet as of 2007. The largest is Titan, which is larger than the planet Mercury.
Physical features.
Saturn is an oblate spheroid, meaning that it is flattened at the poles, and it swells out around its equator. The planet's equatorial diameter is 120,536 km (74,867 mi) whereas its polar diameter (i.e. from the north pole to the south pole) is 108,728 km (67,535 mi); a 9% difference. Its flattened shape is due to its very fast rotation, rotating once every 10.8 Earth hours. Saturn is the only planet in the Solar System that is less dense than water. Even though the planet's core is very dense, it has a gaseous atmosphere, so its average specific density of the planet is 0.69 g/cm³ (less than water). As a result, if Saturn were placed in a large pool of water, it would float on it.
Atmosphere.
The outer part of Saturn's atmosphere is made up of 96.7% hydrogen and 3% helium, 0.2% methane and 0.02% of ammonia. There are also very small amounts of acetylene, ethane and phosphine.
Saturn's clouds show a banded pattern, similar to the cloud bands seen in Jupiter. Unlike Jupiter, Saturn's clouds are much fainter and the bands are wider at the equator. Saturn's lowest cloud layer is made up of water ice, and is about 10 km thick. The temperature here is quite low, at 250 K (-10°F, -23°C). However there are disagreements among scientists about this. The layer above, about 77 km thick, is made up of ammonium hydrosulfide ice (chemical symbol: NH4HS), and above that is a layer of ammonia ice clouds 80 km thick. The highest layer is made up of hydrogen and helium gases, which extends between 200 and 270 km above the water cloud tops. Auroras are also known to form in Saturn in the mesosphere. The temperature at Saturn's cloud tops is extremely low, at 98 K (-283°F, -175°C). The temperature in the inner layers are much higher than the outside layers because of the heat produced by Saturn's interior. Saturn's winds are some of the fastest in the Solar System, reaching 500 s (1,800 h, 1,118 mph), much faster than the fastest winds recorded on Earth.
Saturn's atmosphere is also known to form oval shaped clouds, similar to the more clearer spots seen in Jupiter. These oval spots are cyclonic storms, identical to cyclones seen on Earth. In 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope detected an enormous white cloud near its equator. Storms like the 1990 storm were known as the "Great White Spot", unique Saturnian storms that only exist for a short time and only appear about every 30 earth years, around the time of the summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere. Great White Spots were also found in 1876, 1903, 1933, and 1960. If this constant cycle continues, it is predicted that another storm will form in about 2020.
The Voyager 1 spacecraft detected a hexagonal cloud pattern near Saturn's north pole at about 78°N. The Cassini-Huygens probe later confirmed it in 2006. Unlike the north pole, the south pole does not show any hexagonal cloud feature. Interestingly, the Cassini probe discovered a hurricane-like storm locked to the south pole that shows a very clear eyewall. This discovery is notable as no eyewalls have been observed in any other planet in the Solar System other than the Earth.
Interior.
Saturn's interior is similar to Jupiter's interior. It has a small rocky core at its centre and it is very hot; its temperature reaches 15,000 K (26,540 °F, 14,730 °C). It is so hot that it radiates about two and a half times more heat energy into space than the amount of energy Saturn receives from the Sun. The core is about the same size as the Earth's, but more dense. Above it is a thicker layer of metallic hydrogen, about 30,000 km (18,600 mi) deep. Above that layer is a region of liquid hydrogen and helium. The core is heavy, about 9 to 22 times more mass than the Earth's core.
Magnetic field.
Saturn has a natural magnetic field that is much weaker than Jupiter's. Like the Earth's, Saturn's field is a magnetic dipole. Saturn's field is unique in that it is perfectly symmetrical, unlike any other known planet (ie. the field is exactly in line with the planet's axis). Saturn generates radio waves, but they are too weak to be detected from Earth. The moon Titan orbits in the outer part of Saturn's magnetic field and gives out plasma to the field from the ionised particles in Titan's atmosphere.
Rotation and orbit.
Saturn's average distance from the Sun is over 1.4 billion km, about 9 times is distance from the Earth to the Sun. It takes 29.5 Earth years for Saturn to orbit around the Sun. This is known as Saturn's "orbital period". Saturn takes about 10.8 Earth hours to rotate around its axis. This is known as its "rotational period". It is known that its rotational period does not stay the same, therefore, Saturn does not rotate at a constant rate. Its rotational period is determined by the rotation speed of the radio waves released by the planet. The Cassini-Huygens spacecraft discovered that the radio emissions slowed down, thus the rotational period increased. It is unknown what caused the radio waves to slow down.
History.
Saturn is best known for its clearly visible planetary rings which makes it the most visually remarkable object in the solar system. The rings were first discovered by Galileo Galilei in 1610, using his telescope. He did not identify them as rings though, describing them as "ears". He stated that Saturn was actually three separate planets that almost touch one another. In 1612, when the rings were facing edge on with the Earth, the rings disappeared, then reappeared again in 1613, further confusing Galileo. In 1655, Christiaan Huygens was the first person who suggested that Saturn was surrounded by rings. He observed Saturn using a much more powerful telescope than Galilei's. He quoted that "It [Saturn] is surrounded by a thin, flat, ring, nowhere touching, inclined to the ecliptic." In 1675, Giovanni Domenico Cassini discovered that the planet's rings were in fact made of smaller ringlets with gaps. The largest ring gap was later named the Cassini Division. In 1859, James Clerk Maxwell showed that the rings cannot be solid, but are made of small particles, each orbiting Saturn on their own, otherwise, it would become unstable or break apart. James Keeler studied the rings using a spectroscope in 1895 which proved Maxwell's theory to be correct.
Physical features.
The rings range from 6,630 km to 120,700 km above the planet's equator. As proved by Maxwell, even though the rings appear to be solid and unbroken when viewed from above, the rings are made of small particles of rock and ice. The rings are on average up to one kilometre thick and are made of silica rock, iron oxide and ice particles. The smallest particles are only specks of dust while the largest are the size of a house.
The largest gaps in the rings are the Cassini Division and the Encke Division, both are visible from the Earth. The Cassini Division is the largest, measuring 4,800 km (2,980 mi) wide. However, when the Voyager spacecrafts visited Saturn in 1980, they discovered that the rings are a complex structure, made out of thousands of thin gaps and ringlets. This structure is thought to arise from the gravitational force of some of Saturn's moons. The tiny moon Pan orbits inside Saturn's rings, creating a gap within the rings. Other ringlets maintain their structure due to the gravitational force of shepherd satellites, such as Prometheus and Pandora. Other gaps form due to the gravitational force of a large moon farther away. The moon Mimas is responsible for clearing away the Cassini gap.
Recently, from data received by the Cassini spacecraft, the rings have their own atmosphere, free from the planet's atmosphere. The rings' atmosphere is made of oxygen gas, and it is produced when the Sun's ultraviolet light breaks up the water ice in the rings. Chemical reaction also occurs between the ultraviolet light and the water molecules, creating hydrogen gas. The oxygen and hydrogen atmospheres around the rings are very widely spaced. In addition to the oxygen and hydrogen gases, the rings have an atmosphere made of hydroxide, but it is also very sparse. This compound was detected from Earth by the Hubble Space Telescope.
Spokes.
The Voyager space probe discovered features shaped like rays, called "spokes". They are seen as dark when under sunlight, and appear light when against the unlit side. It is assumed that the spokes are made of microscopic dust particles that are raised above the ring plane. They rotate at the same time with the planet's magnetosphere, therefore, it is assumed that they have a connection with electromagnetism. However, the exact reason explaining why these spokes exist is still unknown.
The Cassini probe detected the spokes too, 25 years later. They appear to be seasonal, disappearing during solstice and appearing again during equinox.
Moons.
Saturn has at least 60 moons, 48 of these have names. Many of the moons are very small: 33 of the 50 moons are less than 10 km in diameter and a further 13 moons are less than 50 km. Seven moons are large enough to be a near perfect sphere caused by their own gravitation. These moons are Titan, Rhea, Iapetus, Dione, Tethys, Enceladus and Mimas. Titan is the largest moon, larger than the planet Mercury, and it is the only moon in the Solar System to have a thick, dense atmosphere. Hyperion and Phoebe are the next largest moons, larger than 200 km in diameter.
On Titan, the largest moon of Saturn, in December 2004 and January 2005, lots of nearby photos were taken, thanks to a man-made satellite called the Cassini-Huygens probe. One part of this satellite, known as the Huygens probe, eventually landed on Titan.
Exploration.
Saturn was first explored by the Pioneer 11 spacecraft on September, 1979. It flew as close as 20,000 km above the planet's cloud tops. It took photographs of the planet and a few of its moons, but were low in resolution. It discovered a new, thin ring called the F ring, and discovered that the dark ring gaps appear bright when viewed towards the Sun, indicating the gaps are not empty of material. The spacecraft meaured the temperature of the moon Titan.
On November, 1980, Voyager 1 visited Saturn, and took higher resolution photographs of the planet, rings and moons. Unlike Pioneer 11, the images were good enough to focus on the surface features of the moons. Voyager 1 made a close encounter of Titan, and gained much information about its atmosphere. In August, 1981, Voyager 2 continued to study the planet. Images taken by the space probe indicated that changes were happening to the rings and atmosphere. The Voyager spacecrafts discovered a number of moons orbiting close to Saturn's rings, as well as discovering new ring gaps.
On July 1, 2004, the Cassini-Huygens probe entered into orbit around Saturn. Before then, it made a close flyby of Phoebe, taking very high resolution images of its surface and gaining high amounts of data. On December 25, 2004, the Huygens probe separated from the Cassini probe before moving down towards Titan's surface and landed there on January 14, 2005. It landed on a dry surface, but it confirmed that large bodies of liquid exist on the moon. The Cassini probe continued to gain data of Titan and a number of the icy moons. It found evidence that the moon Enceladus had water erupting from its geysers. Cassini also proved in July, 2006 that Titan contained hydrocarbon lakes, located near its north pole. In March, 2007, it discovered a large hydrocarbon lake the size of the Caspian Sea near its north pole.
Cassini observed the lightning occurring in Saturn since early 2005. The power of the lightning was measured to be 1000 times more powerful than lightning from the Earth. Astronomers believe that the lightning observed in Saturn is the strongest ever seen.
References.
Giuliano Sovramora "Knots Theory and its relation to strings". Harvard University Magazine, Section Astronomy, pages 23-45 volume XXV, May 2006.

Theatre
Theatre (in British English and American English), or Theater (in American English only), has several meanings.
In American English, the word "theater" can mean either a place where films are shown (this is called a "cinema' in British English) or a place where live stage plays are performed. In British English, "theatre" means a place where live plays are performed.
Theatre or Theater can also mean the business of putting on plays. An actor might say "I am in the theatre business," or a writer might say "I write for the theatre," meaning that they write plays, rather than writing for movies or television shows.
Ancient Greece.
The first people to create plays were the Ancient Greeks, in about the year 500 A.D. They divided plays into two kinds: tragedy and comedy. This division is still used today. The most known Ancient Greek writers of plays are Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripides and Aristophanes; their plays are still played today.
These ancient Greek plays were performed outdoors in large amphitheatres for large crowds. These plays were very popular. There were contests among the playwrights (people who write plays are called playwrights) and the winner would win a prize of a goat, some money or maybe some wine.
Middle Ages.
In the Middle Ages, the Christian church began to use theatre as a way of telling the stories from the Bible to people who did not know how to read. They wrote Mystery Plays, where each part of the Bible story would be a play put on by a different group of people. They also wrote Miracle Plays which were plays about the lives of the saints. There were also Morality plays which taught the audiences how to live a good Christian life.
Commedia dell' arte comic plays during the 1500s.
In the 1500s, groups of actors who would tour around Italy performing comic plays to entertain townspeople. These plays were called Commedia dell'arte, and different stories would be created around the same group of characters. Often the spoken lines would be made up by the actors for each performance.
Other kinds of plays called Neoclassical Dramas and Neoclassical Comedies were also popular in Italy and in France at this time. These plays were written to copy the style of the plays from Ancient Greece and Rome.
At the end of the sixteenth century (the 1500s), the travelling actors began to perform in fixed theatre buildings. This was the period when William Shakespeare wrote. He lived from 1564 to 1616. At that time, in England, women were not allowed to perform, so male actors would play female characters.
His theatre was in London, England. It was called The Globe. It was an outdoor theatre and plays were performed in the daytime for large audiences. His plays were very popular and are many are still performed today. Many scholars and theatre people believe Shakespeare was one of the best playwrights (a writer of plays).
He wrote many kinds of plays: tragedies, comedies, romances and also history plays. All of his plays are written in beautiful, poetic language. Shakespeare often wrote plays set in Italy or in exotic, far-away places that would be interesting to London audiences. His plays are still popular today for many reasons. His characters (the people in his plays) are interesting and talk about interesting ideas.
The stories he tells in his plays are often exciting, very funny (in the comedies), or very sad (in the tragedies) and make you want to know what happens to his characters. He also talks in his plays about things we still think about today, like love, sadness, hope, pride, hatred, jealousy, and foolishness.
Plays from the 1700s.
"This section currently needs your knowledge to help others on this subject. Thank You."
Plays from the 1800s.
"This section currently needs your knowledge to help others on this subject. Thank You."
Plays from the 1900s.
After World War II, playwrights in Europe and the United States began doing plays in a new style called "Theatre of the Absurd." After seeing the horrors of war, these playwrights felt that all their old values had been destroyed. Playwrights such as Samuel Beckett, Eugène Ionesco, Harold Pinter, and Jean Genet wrote plays that are considered to be "Theatre of the Absurd."
The "Theatre of the Absurd" plays have some of the same ideas that are found in the philosophy (a way of thinking) called existentialism. Existentialism is very different from many other "philosophies". Most religions and philosopies say that human life has a meaning (or a purpose). The philosophy of existentialism is that human life does not have a meaning (or a purpose). When something has no meaning, it is "absurd". (absurd means means silly and meaningless.)
The plays written in this style make people think about questions like "what is it like to be a person in the world?" and "what does it mean for a person to be free?" They are often filled with sad emotions, such as worry, fear, and thoughts about death.
Plays from the 2000s.
There are many other types of plays performed in the theatre today.
Theatre Breaks.
Theatre breaks are a form of short break, based around viewing a theatrical show. Theatre breaks tend to include a nights hotel accommodation included in the price. Some theatre breaks websites have been trading for over 20years.

Tree
A tree is a tall plant with a trunk and branches made of wood. It can live for many years. The four main parts of a tree are the roots, the trunk, the branches, and the leaves.
The roots of a tree are under the ground. A single tree has many roots. The roots carry food and water from the ground through the trunk and branches to the leaves of the tree.
The trunk is the main body of the tree. The trunk is covered with bark which protects it from damage. Branches grow from the trunk. They spread out so that the leaves can receive sunlight.
The leaves of a tree are usually green, but they can come in many colors, shapes and sizes. The leaves take in sunlight and use water and food from the roots to make the tree grow, and to reproduce.

Uranus
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun in the Solar System. It is a gas giant. It is the third largest planet in the solar system. The planet is made of ice, gases and liquid metal. Its atmosphere contains hydrogen, helium and Methane. The temperature on Uranus is −197 degrees C (79 K). The planet is tilted on its axis so much that it is sideways.
Uranus completes its turn around the Sun in 84 earth years. It completes its turn around itself in 17 hours and 14 minutes. This means there are 42,000 days in 1 uranian year.
The distance between Uranus and Neptune is 1.6 billion km. Uranus was discovered in 1781. Uranus has 11 rings which are hard to see from earth.
This planet can be seen with the naked eye under the perfect conditions. Some evidence suggests that this planet was catalogued as a star (34 Tauri) before its confirmed discovery.
Uranus is named by Greek god Uranus, who was a god of sky.
Moons.
Uranus has 27 known natural satellites. The names for these satellites are chosen from characters from the works of Shakespeare and Alexander Pope.
The five main moons are Miranda, Ariel, Umbriel, Titania and Oberon.
Exploring.
In 1986, NASA's "Voyager 2" visited Uranus. The visit is the only attempt to investigate the planet from a short distance.

Vatican_City
The Vatican City is the smallest country in the world (0.44 km²) and it is an enclave of Italy because it is surrounded by the city of Rome.
It was created as country on February 11 1929, with the "Patti Lateranensi" (Lateran Agreement or Treaty), was signed by Benito Mussolini and Pope Pius XI.
It is very small, but very important because it is the headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church.
The Head of State is the Pope, now Benedict XVI, former cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, elected on April 19 2005, after Pope John Paul II's 26 years of Papacy.
It is important also by the side of culture and art: its masterpieces are known by everybody in the world: St. Peter's Square, St. Peter's Basilica, the Sistine Chapel, the Vatican Museums and the Apostolic Palace, where the Pope lives.
There are also hundreds of other sculptures and pictures.
History.
The Pope used to rule the Papal States. This used to cover all of Central Italy. Popes had always tried to stop Italy becoming one country because they might lose their control of the Papal States. In 1861 Italy was unified under the King of Savoy, but Rome and Latium remained unconquered. Only on September 20 1870 the Italian troops invaded and beat the Papal troops. Rome became capital of the new kingdom.
The Pope said he was a prisoner of the Italian state and excommunicated all the people who helped the people who invaded his state. This stopped Catholics from taking part in public life.
In 1929 Benito Mussolini decided to sign an agreement with the Holy See, called the Lateran Treaty, which created the Vatican State. Another treaty gave the Vatican money each year to compensate for the lost territories.

Webpage
A webpage is part of a website. It is in the form of text and images. Web pages are connected by links. Clicking on a link makes another webpage appear. Webpages are hosted on web servers.

War
"For the 1970s funk band, see War (band)."
War is any fighting involving the organized use of weapons and harmful force between countries or other large-scale groups.
See Articles 2(3), 2(4) and 2(7) of the United Nations Charter.
Many years ago, a German soldier named Karl von Clausewitz wrote in his classic book, On War: "Der Krieg ist eine bloße Fortsetzung der Politik mit anderen Mitteln" ("War is simply a continuation of politics with other methods") and "War is a way of using force to get our enemies to do what we want them to do."
Wars have been fought to control natural resources, for religious or cultural reasons, over political balances of power, legitimacy (legality) of particular laws, to settle economic and territorial arguments, and many other issues. The reasons of any war are very complex; while a war can start for just about any reason, there is usually more than one issue involved.
Kinds of war.
Sometimes people see a difference between fighting between countries or people and the formal declaration of a state of war. Those who see this difference usually only use the word "war" for the fighting where the countries' governments have officially declared war on each other. Smaller armed conflicts are often called riots, rebellions, coups, etc.
When one country sends armed forces to another country, supposedly to rebuild order or prevent killings of innocents or other crimes against humanity, or to protect another government friendly to it against an uprising, that country sometimes refers to it as a police action. This usage is not always recognized as valid, however, particularly by those who do not accept the usages of the term.
A war where the forces in conflict live in within the same country is known as a civil war.
War is contrasted with peace, which some people define as the absence of war.
Another approach to classifying warfare divides it into four "generations" of war.
First generation warfare.
First generation warfare reflects tactics of the era of the smoothbore musket, the tactics of line and column. Operational art in the first generation did not exist as a idea although it was practiced by individual commanders, most famously by Napoleon.
Second generation warfare.
Second generation warfare was developed in response to the rifled musket, breechloaders, barbed wire, the machinegun, and indirect fire. Tactics were based on fire and movement but they remained linear, with the defense still trying to prevent all penetrations and the attacks along a sideways line advanced by rushes in small groups. Second generation tactics remained the basis of U.S. policy until the 1980s, and they are still practiced by most American units in the field.
Third generation warfare.
Third generation warfare was first developed by the Germans in World War I, to make up for their inability to match their enemies' industrial production. Its tactics were the first truly nonlinear tactics; attacks rely on penetration to get around and collapse the enemy's combat forces (rather than seeking to get close to the enemy and destroy them), and defense was in depth and often provoked (invited or encouraged) penetration to set the enemy up for a counterattack.
Fourth generation warfare.
Fourth generation warfare is what most people call a guerrilla war. Fourth generation warfare is far different from the other generations as the objective is not winning a military victory, but rather to destroy the spirit or political means of the enemy from attacking you. Usually it is when a country is brought into another one or when an outside force is trying to destroy the current government. For example, the later part of the Second Iraq war or the U.S. occupation period can be considered fourth generation warfare.
Laws of war.
A number of treaties and other agreements regulate warfare, collectively referred to as the "Laws of war". The most pervasive and famous of those are the Geneva conventions, the earliest of which began to take effect in the mid-1800s.
Treaty signing has since been a part of international diplomacy, and too many treaties to mention in this article have been signed. A couple of examples are: Resolutions of the Geneva International Conference, Geneva, 26-29 October 1863 and Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, 75 U.N.T.S. 135, entered into force Oct. 21, 1950.
Statistical analysis.
The statistical analysis of war was pioneered by Lewis Fry Richardson following World War I. More recent databases of wars have been assembled by the Correlates of War Project [1] and Peter Brecke [2].
See also.
Military, Military technology and equipment, Military history, Military strategy, Military tactics, Just war, Frontline, Military-industrial complex, Weapon, Laws of war, Medieval warfare, World war, war profiteer, Attacks on humanitarian workers.

Copyright
A copyright is a law that gives the owner of a written document, musical composition, book, picture, or other creative work, the right to decide what other people can do with it. Copyright laws make it easier for authors to make money by selling their works. Because of copyright, a work can only be copied if the owner of the copyright gives permission.
People who copy a work that is protected under copyright without permission can be punished by the law, usually with a fine. In other, more serious cases, a person who copies a work that is protected under copyright could be arrested or go to prison.
Who owns copyright?
In most countries, authors automatically own the copyright to any work they make or create, as long as they do not give the copyright to someone else.
In most countries, there is no need to register the copyright, and some countries do not even have procedures to register copyrights. But, in countries where registration is available, without registration, it may be difficult to prove that the copyright of a work belongs to a certain author. So it is often a good idea to register anyway, especially for works that are sold for money.
If an author gets paid to make a work for someone else, the person who pays for making the work (for example, the author's employer) will often get to own the copyright instead of the author him- or herself. For example if a person working for a company like Microsoft invents a new computer software program at work, the Microsoft company would own the copyright.
Length of copyright protection.
Copyright laws usually only protect the owner of copyright for a set period, such as 50 years. This period has now been extended to 70 years in most cases. When the period of copyright protection has ended, the written document, musical composition, book, picture, or other creative work is in the public domain. This means that no one owns the copyright to them, and everyone is free to copy, use and change them without having to ask for permission or pay the owner.
Fair Use.
There is an exception to the rules of copyright, called fair use. This means that people can copy a very small amount of a work to use in reviews or in research reports.
An example of fair use is when newspaper writers quote several sentences from a copyright-protected document to tell the story. Another example of "fair use" is when a university professor quotes several sentences from a copyright-protected book in a review of the book, or in a research report.
Copyright in different countries.
Because of these differences, a certain piece of work may be under copyright in one country, and in the public domain in another.
Creativity.
Some people argue that copyright laws make it easier for people to make new works and think of new ideas. After all, if authors get to make money for the time, effort and money they put in, then they will want to make more works later, and make more money.
But others believe that copyright laws make it harder to be creative. Without copyright, other people could change ideas, works and inventions and make them better, and copyright law often stops that.
Publisher control.
If an author wants to sell a work, it's often easiest to give the copyright to a publisher. The publisher will do all the selling, and in return for that service, will keep part of the money. But the publisher has many different things to sell, and they may not want to sell the work the author made. Authors often find it very hard to find a publisher willing to sell their work.
But without a publisher, it can be even harder for an author to sell his or her work. In many markets, a few big publishers own the copyrights to almost everything available, and stores will not want to sell works published by small authors themselves. Many people say copyright law helps big publishers stay in control, and keeps smaller authors out of the market.

Butter
Butter is a dairy food product, made by churning the cream obtained from whole milk. It is commonly used as a spread on bread and a main ingredient in biscuits, as a shortening agent in some baking and cooking recipes, and sometimes as a frying medium.
Butter is nearly pure fat, so margarine, which has less fat and cholesterol, might be a heathier choice for some people. It also is usually cheaper.

Antarctica
Antarctica is a large continent located at the far south of the world. It is larger than Europe. The weather there is extremely cold. About 98% of Antarctica is covered with ice. Very few people live there, except in the small towns of McMurdo and Palmer on the coast. There is a science station at the South Pole where experiments are carried out. These experiments are to do with the weather and outer space exploration. People who want to go to Antarctica usually fly there. However, it is also possible to book tourist cruises to visit the continent. These depart from Ushuaia, which is in southern Argentina.
Antarctica is the only continent with no countries in it. By international treaty, none of the land in Antarctica belongs to any country.
There are very few plants in Antarctica; the only large air-breathing animals are penguins, seals, and whales.
Antarctica is surrounded by the Pacific Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Indian Ocean, but more recently, the seas right around it have together been called the Southern Ocean. The next nearest continent is South America.
In Antarctica, it is always dark during the winter, but in the summer the sun shines 24 hours a day.
There is one volcano in Antarctica. It is named Mount Erebus. Mount Ereubus is very high.

Asia
Asia is the largest continent on Earth, placed in the northern hemisphere. It is connected to Europe in the west. Together, Asia and Europe are called Eurasia.
Asia is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea, the Black Sea, the Arctic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, and the Indian Ocean. It is separated from Europe by the Caucasus Mountains and the Ural Mountains.
Some of the oldest human civilizations began in Asia, such as Sumer, China, and India. China and India are also the two countries with the most people in the world.
A long, mainly land border in the west separates Europe and Asia. This boundary runs North-South down the Ural Mountains in Russia, along the Ural River to the Caspian Sea, and through the Caucuses Mountains to the Black Sea. About three-quarters of Russia lies in Asia, while the rest is in Europe. Small parts of four other Asian countries are in Europe.
The Asian continent is the largest of all continents. Covering about 3/10 of the world's land area, it has more people than any other continent with about 3/5 of the world's total population. Stretching from the icy Arctic in the north to the hot and steamy equatorial lands in the south, Asia contains huge, empty deserts, as well as some of the world's highest mountains and longest rivers.

Eurasia
Eurasia is a continent in the northern part of the Earth. Eurasia is made of Europe and Asia, which are on the same tectonic plate and do not have a sea between them, so they are scientifically one continent. The word is made by adding "Eur" (from "Eur"ope) to "Asia" to make "Eurasia".
Some geographers say it's all just one continent, because unlike the Americas or Africa, Europe and Asia are not divided by sea. The Ancient Greeks divided the world they knew into Europe, Asia and Africa. Since then, people have been talking about Asia and Europe as two continents so it is now a tradition.
Some other continents are not completely divided by sea and are joined together and by a thin strip of land (called an isthmus) like North America and South America. However, Europe and Asia are not divided by sea at all.
Sometimes Eurasia is divided into West Eurasia and East Eurasia. West Eurasia is Europe and the Middle East. Historians sometimes add North Africa to West Eurasia because the Sahara Desert divides North Africa from the other parts of Africa and it is as difficult to cross as a sea.

Pop_music
Pop music is shorter way of writing "popular music". Pop music is commonly defined as music most listened to, purchased, nominated for special events. Styles of pop music in the 2000s (today) include rock music, hip hop, and pop punk.
What is pop music?
The singers and bands that play pop music on stage at music concerts or in music videos are an important part of pop music. The singers sing the lyrics (words) of the songs and dance on stage. The musicians in the bands play musical instruments such as electric guitar, electric bass guitar, synthesizer keyboards, piano, and drums.
How does the business of pop music work?
There are also many more people working on pop music who are not seen on the stage or in the video. These people include the studio staff (people who help the musicians to record CDs and music videos in music studios), production staff (people who help make the music recordings sound good), distribution staff (people who help sell the music to stores) and retail staff (people that sell the music to people at CD stores).
Tour staff help the band to travel around the country (or around the world) for their concert tours. Some tour staff help by carrying heavy musical instruments onto the stage. Other tour staff drive buses or cars, so that the band can get to the concert. Some tour staff operate sound equipment, such as the large amplifiers and loudspeakers that are used to amplify (make louder) the band's music for the audience.
Promotional staff help to market or promote the band's music, so that more people will know about the band, and buy the band's CDs. Some promotional staff travel to radio stations and give the band's CD to radio station managers or DJs (disk jockeys: the people who announce songs on the radio). Other promotional staff write press releases (short articles) about the band which are sent to newspapers.
Types of music that became pop music.
Pop music came from the Rock and Roll movement of the early 1950s, when record companies recorded songs that they thought that teenagers would like. Pop music usually uses musical styles from the other types of music that are popular at the time. Many different styles of music have become pop music during different time periods. Often, music companies create pop music styles by taking a style of music that only a small number of people were listening to, and then making that music more popular by marketing it to teenagers and young adults.
In the 1950s, recording companies took blues-influenced rock and roll (for example Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley) and rockabilly (for example Carl Perkins and Buddy Holly) and promoted them as pop music. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, record companies took folk music bands and musicians and helped them to create a new type of music called folk rock or acid rock. Folk rock and acid rock mixed folk music, blues and rock and roll (for example The Byrds and Janis Joplin). In the 1970s, record companies created several harder, louder type of blues called blues rock or heavy metal, which became a type of pop music (for example the bands Led Zeppelin and Judas Priest).
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, a type of nightclub dance music called Disco turned into a popular type of pop music. Record companies took an experimental, strange-sounding type of music called New Wave music from the 1980s and turned it into pop music bands such as "The Cars." In the 1990s record companies took an underground type of hard rock called Grunge (for example the band Nirvana).
Controversy: Do pop bands "Sell out" their values?
Thousands of new pop bands are formed each year around the world. Each band tries to write songs and music that will become a popular new music trend. Record companies promote these bands and songs by sending the songs to radio stations and by making videos of the band. Some music fans say that the bands or musicians who write music that becomes popular (pop music) have "sold out" (betrayed) the values (beliefs) of their original fans.
In the 1960s, some people who liked folk music said that folk rock musicians had "sold out" the values (beliefs) of traditional folk music, because folk rock bands made a lot of money and were controlled by huge recording companies. In the 1990s, some punk rock bands began playing pop punk, which is punk rock mixed with pop music. Some people who like punk rock say that pop punk bands have sold out (betrayed) the rebellious values (beliefs) and political beliefs of punk rock.
The Reigning King and Queen of Pop are: Michael Jackson and Madonna, respectively.

Anthropology
Anthropology is the study of human beings.
(In Greek "Anthropos-" means "human", and "-logy" means "study of").
Anthropology is a biological and historical social science that helps us learn how groups of people are the same, and how they are different in all parts of the world. Anthropologists do research in many places and study how people live now and how they may have lived in the past (using the study of Archaeology). They research in modern cities, small villages, tribes, and in the countryside. They study how groups of people consider time, space, life, etc.

European_Union
The European Union (abbreviation: EU) is an economic and political union of 27 member countries in Europe, started in 1957 as the European Economic Community (EEC). It has created a common economic area with Europe-wide laws allowing people to move and trade in other EU countries almost like it was their own. Fifteen of these countries also share the same money: the euro. On January 1st 2009, Slovakia will have the Euro as well.
History.
After World War II the countries in Europe wanted to live peacefully together and help one another's economies. Instead of fighting for coal and steel, the first member countries (West) Germany, France, Italy, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg created one European Coal and Steel Community in 1952.
In 1957 in the Italian city of Rome, the member countries signed another treaty and made the European Economic Community. Now it was a community for coal, steel and for trade. Later it changed the name to European Community.
In 1992, with the "Treaty of Maastricht" it changed its name to the European Union. Now the member countries work together not only in politics and economy (coal, steel and trade), but also in money, justice (laws), and foreign affairs. With the Schengen Agreement, 13 member countries of the EU opened their borders to each other, so people can now travel from one country to the other without a passport or identity card. Now already 15 member countries have replaced their national currencies with the euro.10 new countries became members of the EU in 2004 and 2 more became members of the EU in 2007. Today there are 27 member countries altogether.
Free movement.
A person who has a passport of a European Union country can live and work in any of the other 27 member countries without needing a work permit or visa. For example, a British person can move to Greece to work there, or just to live there, and he or she does not need a permission from an authority in Greece.
In the same way, products made in one member country can be sold in any other member country without any special permissions or extra taxes. For this reason, the members agree rules on product safety - they want to know that a product made in another country will be as safe as it would be if it had been made in their own country.
Main institutions.
The Union has three political institutions with the executive and legislative power. The Council represents governments, the Parliament represents citizens and the Commission represents the European interest. The Council, Parliament or another party can request legislation from the Commission. The Commission then drafts this and presents it to the Parliament and Council. In most cases both must agree. After it is approved and signed by both chambers it becomes law. The Commission's duty is to ensure it is implemented by dealing with the day-to-day running of the Union.
Council of the European Union.
This is the main decision-making institution. The cabinet ministers of the member countries meet (Ministers for Foreign affairs, for Agriculture, for Justice, etc...) and discuss their relevant issues.
Each member state takes a turn at being President of the Council for six months. For example: from January 2007 until July 2007, Germany holds the presidency. The six months before, Finland held the presidency. The President of the Council is the organiser and manager, he or she does not have the power to make decisions about the European Union like the President of the United States does.
Member countries with a large population (Germany, France, United Kingdom etc.) have more votes than countries with small populations (Luxembourg, Malta, etc.) but a decision cannot be made if there the vote against is big enough.
Twice a year, the heads of government (Prime Ministers) and/or the heads of state (Presidents) meet to discuss the main issues and make decisions on different matters, this meeting is different and not as formalised, it is known as a European Council.
European Commission.
The European Commission manages the day to day running of the EU and writes laws, like a government. Laws written by the Commission are discussed and changed by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union.
The Commission has one President and 26 Commissioners, selected by the European Council. The Commission President is appointed by the European Council with the approval of the European Parliament.
The Commission operates like a cabinet government. There is one Commissioner per member state, though Commissioners are bound to represent the interests of the EU as a whole rather than their home state.
European Parliament.
The Parliament has a total of 785 members (called Members of the European Parliament, or MEP). They are elected in their countries every five years by the citizens of the European Union member countries. The Parliament can approve, reject or change proposed laws. It can also sack the European Commission. In that case, the entire commission would have to give up their jobs.
Member countries.
In 1951, six countries made the "European Coal and Steel Community", a basic version of what the EU is now. These six then went further and in 1957 they made the European Economic Community and the European Coal and Steel Community. The UK and others decided not to join, and then when the UK changed its mind it was stopped from joining by French President Charles de Gaulle. When he was no longer President, the UK and others started to join. Today there are 27 members but the idea that more should join is not seen as a good one by everyone.
Croatia, Republic of Macedonia and Turkey are "candidate countries", they are being considered for membership. Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Serbia (including or along side Kosovo) are expected to follow.
Politics.
There are many discussions in the EU about how it should develop and change in the future.

English_language_learning_and_teaching
English as an additional language (EAL) is when people study English as a new language.
In the United States it is often called English as a second language (ESL). In this case (particular situation), "first language" means any language a person speaks from childhood, even if they speak more than one, and "second language" means any non-native language, no matter how many a person speaks.
English as a foreign language (EFL) is an important business in Britain. It is also called ESOL (English for Speakers of Other Languages). There are many schools in Oxford or London. There are also many schools in the south of England. Many schools are in cities along the sea.
English is a very important language in business. Many people study English as a foreign language, because they want a better job. English is also very important in education. Many pages on the internet are in English. English As A Second Language is the single most popular subject in the world, after mathematics. Many people who can not go to English language classes study on the internet, using websites like.
Many people study English in a country where the people speak English. This way, many students learn listening and speaking English better.
English exams.
There are many English exams. Many people study English for an exam (examination). An English exam is important to show how well a person can speak English.
Cambridge exams.
The Cambridge exams are very popular in Europe. The University of Cambridge ESOL makes these exams. There are five exams for general English. Students take these exams in many schools. Students can take the exams in England or in schools in many other countries.
The easiest exam is the KET. KET means "Key English Test". The KET is the start of the Cambridge exams. The KET tests basic English.
The PET is more difficult. PET means "Preliminary English Test". People with a PET know some English. They can survive social situations in English. They can also survive work situations in English. But they often find English difficult. They also make many mistakes.
The FCE is the most popular of the Cambridge English exam. FCE means "First Certificate in English". The FCE is good for many businesses. People with a FCE can use English. They sometimes find English difficult. Normally they have no problems with English. But they make mistakes.
The CAE is a difficult exam. CAE means "Certificate in Advanced English". The CAE is good for many universities. The CAE is also good for many businesses. People with a CAE have no problems working in England or United States of America.
The CPE is the most difficult exam. CPE stands for "Certificate of Proficiency in English". People who have a CPE are very good at English. Their English is nearly as good as people who are from England or America. The CPE is good for universities. The CPE is also good for business. Many universities who teach courses in English want a CPE or CAE from foreign-language students.
There are two English exams systems for business. The "Business English Certificate" (BEC) is available at three levels comparable to PET, FCE and CAE above BEC means. The BULATS "Business Language Testing Service" is a single examination which can offer organisations or individuals the opportunity of assessing their current language level.
IELTS.
The IELTS is the International English Language Testing System. This system is from the University of Cambridge, the British Council and IDP Education in Australia. It has one exam for academics or professionals, and one for people who want to live in an English-speaking country. Universities in Britain, Ireland, Australia, South Africa, Canada, New Zealand and New Zealand often want an IELTS exam. IELTS is also becoming popular in North America. The IELTS tests: speaking, listening, writing and reading.
TOEFL.
The TOEFL is a very popular English exam. It is very popular in the US. It is also very popular in countries which are friends with the US. TOEFL means "Test of English as a Foreign Language". The TOEFL is an academic exam. Many universities in America want a TOEFL exam.
In 2005 a new TOEFL was made. The new TOEFL uses Internet. Its name is "Internet-Based TOEFL" (iBT). The old TOEFLs did not stop. They are called "Computer-Based TOEFL" (CBT) and "Paper-Based TOEFL", but are not now available in all countries.
TOEIC.
The TOEIC is a general English exam. TOEIC means "Test of English for International Communication". The exam has 200 questions. Every question is a multiple choice question. A multiple-choice question is a question where you choose which answer (e.g. a, b, c or d) is correct.
The result of the TOEIC is a number. This number is between 10 and 990. 990 is the best number. The TOEIC number is often used for jobs. Many jobs need a number bigger than 600. Managers often need a number bigger than 800.
LCCIEB.
LCCIEB means "London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board". The LCCIEB makes many English exams. Many businesses like LCCIEB exams.
The EFB means "English for Business". The EFB is a business English exam. It tests basic general English. It also tests more difficult business English.
The EFC means "English for Commerce". The EFC is a business English exam. It tests business writing. It also tests business skills. Business skills are ideas how to manage a business. The EFC is more difficult than the EFB.
The PBE means "Practical Business English". The PBE is a business English exam. It tests business speaking. It also tests business listening. The PBE is for basic English. People with a PBE can have a basic business conversation.
The SEFIC means "Spoken English for Industry and Commerce". The SEFIC is a business English exam. It tests business speaking. It is more difficult than the PBE. It tests difficult business speaking. It also tests difficult business listening.
The WEFT means "Written English for Tourism". The WEFT is an English business exam. It tests business speaking. It tests speaking at hotels. It also tests speaking in other parts of tourism. The WEFT also tests listening.
The BULATS means "Business Language Testing Service". The BULATS is a special exams for big companies. The BULATS are made for a company. The BULATS for another company is different.
Pitman.
Pitman exams are made by the City and Guilds Group. There are two important English exams by Pitman.
The ESOL means "English for Speakers of Other Languages". The ESOL tests English at many levels. The ESOL is good for going to many colleges. The "Spoken ESOL" is like the ESOL. But the Spoken ESOL only tests speaking and listening.
The EBC means "English for Business Communications". The EBS is a business English exam. There are three levels.
CELS (ARELS/Oxford).
The CELS exams are English exams for people who want to study in England. CELS means "Certificates in Communicative Skills in English". The CELS exam comes from the old ARELS and Oxford exams; now they are Cambridge ESOL exams. The ARELS exam tests speaking and listening. The Oxford exam tests writing and reading. The new name of Arels and Oxford together is CELS.
There are three levels in the CELS exam. "Preliminary" is the easiest exam. "Vantage" is more difficult. "Higher" is the most difficult exam. People who have the CELS are very good at speaking English. These exams are good for universities.
This exam is different from some other exams because learners get one certificate (paper saying how good they are) for each part of the exam. A learner can have a high mark on the speaking certificate but a low one in writing, for example.
Compare exams.
It is very difficult to compare English exams. Every exam is a little different.
In Europe, the ALTE says how different exams compare. The ALTE is the Association of Language Testers in Europe. It has 28 exam makers in it, and compares their exams in 24 languages. The ALTE says what learners can do at every step of learning. Because of this, they say the ALTE list is a "can-do" list. The ALTE list is a simple way to talk about the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEF). The CEF is from the Council of Europe.

Communication
Communication can be spoken (a word) or non-spoken (a smile). Communication has many ways, and happens all the time. Not only humans communicate, most other animals do too. Some communication is done without thinking, such as by changing in posture
How communication works.
Communication works by exchanging information or messages. In very basic terms
Besides the content of the message, there are other things that are important. These are not part of the message itself, but rather of its context
For a message exchange to be successful, the sender and the recipient must have agreed on a vocabulary. The word "hedge" can mean completely different things based on the context. In biology a hedge is a row of shrubs or trees that make a barrier or form a border. In finance, a hedge is an investment made to reduce therisk of another investment. In linguistics a hedge is a word or set of words that make other words less important. Without any information it is therefore very difficult to know which "hedge" is really meant by the speaker.

Moselle_River
The Moselle River (german Mosel; french Moselle) is a river in France and Luxembourg, that becomes part of the Rhine River after the Moselle flows into Germany. The length is 545 kilometers (341 miles).
Important cities at the Moselle river are Metz, Thionville, Trier, Bernkastel-Kues and Koblenz.
The valley of the Moselle river is famous for the wine of Elbling, Riesling, and Müller-Thurgau - grapes in the wine growing region Moselle-Saar-Ruwer.
Tributaries.
Esch,
Rupt de Mad,
Orne,
Fensch,
Gander,
Salm,
Lieser,
Alf,
Brohlbach,
Meurthe,
Saar,
Olewiger Bach,
Ruwer,
Feller Bach,
Dhron,
Kautenbach,
Altlayer Bach,
Ehrbach.

Gravity
Gravity is a force. It makes things move toward each other. On the Earth, we see that it makes things fall toward the ground. Gravity may be caused by a theoretical particle known as a graviton.
We say that things that are pulled by gravity have mass. The larger the masses, the bigger the pull of gravity. The farther apart the things are, the smaller the pull of gravity.
On the Earth, we can measure the pull of the Earth's gravity on something as weight. But, the pull of gravity from the Moon is only about 1/6 the pull of gravity from the Earth. So, an object will have the same mass on the Moon as it will on the Earth, but because of the Moon's smaller gravitational pull (that is, its smaller force) the object will weigh less on the Moon.
Things that are falling still have mass, but we cannot measure their weight, so we say that they are "weightless". Astronauts and spacecraft in outer space can be weightless. They look like they are floating. Really they are falling in an orbit around the Earth.
They still have mass, so we still have to push them or pull them to make them go or stop. Astronauts inside spacecraft use their arms and legs to jump or to stop. When astronauts are working outside in space, they use very small rockets to move. Spacecraft use bigger rockets to move.
Sir Isaac Newton is said to have discovered gravity when he saw an apple fall from a tree. He wondered what made this happen.

States_of_Germany
Germany has 16 states (). The biggest is Bavaria and the smallest is Bremen. Most of them were created after the Second World War, although their historical roots can be traced back to the early Middle Ages in some cases.

Computer_program
A computer program is something that tells a computer what to do. Computer programs can be installed onto a computer. A web browser can be used to browse the Internet. An office suite can be used to write documents or spreadsheets. Crackers can secretly use a computer virus to gain access to a user's computer. Mozilla Firefox and Internet Explorer are examples of computer programs. They are both web browsers, which means that the user can view web pages using them. Adobe Flash is another example of a computer program. It allows the user to create animations or other computer programs.
A computer program is stored as a file on the user's hard drive. When the user runs the program, the file is read and the processor reads the data in the file as a list of commands or instructions. The computer then does what the program tells it to do.
A computer program is written by a programmer. It is very difficult to write in ones and zeroes, which is what the computer can read, so computer programmers write in a programming language. Once it is written, the programmer uses a compiler to turn it into a language that the computer can understand.

Iceland
Iceland (Icelandic: "Ísland") is a country in Europe. It is in the north of the Atlantic Ocean. Iceland is 300 kilometers east of Greenland and 1000 kilometers west of Norway. Iceland has an area of 39,769 square miles.
History.
The first people who lived on Iceland were Irish monks. They came to Iceland around the year 800.
In the 9th century, the Vikings went to live on Iceland. The first Viking who lived on Iceland was Flóki Vilgerðarson. He was also the one who gave Iceland its name. Ingólfur Arnarson, a chieftain from Norway went to live in South West Iceland. He founded the city of Reykjavík.
In 930, the Icelandic rulers wrote a constitution. They created the Althing, a kind of parliament in the town Þingvellir. Therefore Iceland is the oldest existing democracy.
In 985, Erik the Red was sent away from the island because he had killed someone. He sailed to the west and discovered Greenland. Eric's son Leif Ericson discovered America in the year 1000. He called it Vinland. The voyages of Eric, Leif and others were written down in the sagas (long stories).
In 1262, Iceland became part of Norway. In 1662 it became part of Denmark. In the 19th century, many Icelanders wanted to be independent from Denmark. In 1918, Iceland got many powers of its own, but the king of Denmark was still king of Iceland.
When Germany took over Denmark on April 9 1940, the Althing decided that Icelanders should rule the country themselves, but they didn't declare independence yet. British and later American soldiers occupied Iceland to prevent it from being attacked by the Germans. In 1944 Iceland finally became fully independent.
After World War II, Iceland became a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), but not of the European Union. Between 1958 and 1976 there were three debates between Iceland and the United Kingdom about the rights to catch codfish. They were called the Cod Wars.
In 1980, Vigdís Finnbogadóttir was elected president of Iceland. She was the first woman ever to be elected president of a country.
People.
The people in Iceland are mostly of Scandinavian origin. The language they speak is Icelandic. The language has not changed much in 1,000 years, so Icelanders are still able to read the sagas about the Vikings without many problems.
Most people in Iceland are Christian. Most of them are Lutheran.
Names.
There are no real surnames on Iceland. Children get the first name of their father (sometimes mother) with -son if it's a boy, and -dóttir if it's a daughter.
For example, a man named Jón Stefánsson has a son named Fjalar. Fjalar's last name will not be Stefánsson like his father's, it will become Fjalar Jónsson.
The same goes for women. Jón Stefánsson's daughter Kata would not have the last name Stefánsson, she would have the name Jónsdóttir.
In most countries people use to call other people by their surname, but in Iceland people call other people by their first name. So when people talk about Halldór Ásgrímsson they do not call him Ásgrímsson, but Halldór.
Towns and cities.
Reykjavík is the capital city of Iceland. Reykjavík is also the most important port in Iceland. Other important towns in Iceland are Akureyri, Kópavogur, Hafnarfjördhur, Keflavík, and Vestmannaeyjar.
Geography.
Iceland is very geologically active and combined with large amounts of rain and snow caused by the warm waters of the gulf stream current which flow toward it, many interesting and unusual geographic features have developed which make it different from any other island so close to the Arctic Circle.
Some of these features are Iceland's numerous mountains, volcanoes, hot springs, rivers, small lakes, waterfalls, glaciers, and geysers. The word geyser is, in fact, derived from Geysir, the name of a particularly famous geyser on the southern side of the island. Glaciers cover approximately 11% of the island and the largest, Vatnajökull, is up to 1 km thick and, by far, the largest glacier in Europe.
Iceland, though considered to be a European country, sits partly in North America since it straddles the Mid-Atlantic Ridge which marks the boundary between the Eurasian and North American tectonic plates. The ridge runs directly through the populated Reykjavik and Thingvellir historic areas, and the tectonic activity of these plates separating is the source of the abundant geothermal energy in the region.

Topology
Topology is the study of how spaces are organized, how the objects are structured in terms of position. It also studies how spaces are connected. It is divided into "algebraic topology", "differential topology" and "geometric topology".
Topology has sometimes been called rubber-sheet geometry, because in topology there is no difference between a circle and a square (a circle made out of a rubber band can be stretched into a square) but there is a difference between a circle and a figure eight (you cannot stretch a figure eight into a circle without tearing). The spaces studied in topology are called topological spaces. They vary from familiar manifolds to some very exotic constructions.
Natural Origin.
In many problems to solve, we often divide a large space into smaller areas, for instance, a house is divided into rooms, a nation into states, a type of quantity into numbers, etc. Each of these smaller areas (house, state, number) is adjacent to other small areas (other houses/states/numbers), the adjacencies between these spaces are connections. If we write down on paper a list of spaces, and the connections between them, we have written down a description of a space -- a topological space. All topological spaces have the same properties (adjacencies, etc.) and are made of the same structure (a list of smaller areas). Because of this, general algorithms and other forms of analysis are made possible. For instance, to program a robot to navigate a house, we simply give it a list of rooms, the connections between each room (doors, etc.), and an algorithm that can determine the sequence of rooms to travel through to reach any other desired room.
We can go further by creating subdivisions of subdivisions of space. For instance, a nation divided into states, divided into counties, divided into city boundaries, etc. All this kind of information can be represented topologically.

Plymouth_Argyle_F.C.
Plymouth Argyle Football Club, is an English football (soccer) club. The club is nicknamed "The Pilgrims". The team usually plays in green, white and black.
Ian Holloway is the current manager.
Club Information.
The club is called "The Pilgrims" because the people that left Plymouth for America were the first people to be called Pilgrims. The ship on the badge is called The Mayflower. The first pilgrims travelled on the Mayflower.
The club's stadium is called Home Park. It was ruined by German aeroplanes in World War II. Home Park was repaired after the war. In 2001 and 2002, Home Park was made into a better stadium. Some parts of the stadium were not used while the work was being done. The stadium is now fully open.
The club was made in 1886, but it was called Argyle Athletic Club. The club changed its name to Plymouth Argyle Football Club in 1903.
Plymouth Argyle has never won a match by more than 7 goals. They have beaten Hartlepool United and Millwall 8-1. On 3 January 2004, they beat Chesterfield 7-0. The club lost 9-0 to Stoke City in 1960. Luke McCormick is a goalkeeper. He played seven games in a row for Plymouth Argyle without letting the other teams score a single goal.
In the 1990s, Peter Shilton, Neil Warnock, and John Gregory all managed the club.
The club won Division Three in 2001/02, won Division Two in 2003/04 and now plays in the newly-named Championship, the second tier of English football. When the club won Division Three they scored 102 points. No other team had ever scored that many points.
100th season.
2003/04 is the club`s 100th season since becoming Plymouth Argyle in 1903. The club has set up many events, while the team has won many awards.
"A list of things that happened in the 2003/04 season:"
Current Plymouth Argyle Squad.
1 Romain Larrieu Goalkeeper (on loan to Gillingham)
5 Krisztián Timár Defender (on loan from Ferencvaros)
6 Hasney Aljofree Defender (on loan to Oldham)
16 Péter Halmosi Midfielder (on loan from Debrecen)
17 Kevin Gallen Striker (on loan from QPR)
25 Ryan Dickson Midfielder (on loan to Torquay)
26 Scott Sinclair Midfielder (on loan from Chelsea)
27 Reuben Reid Midfielder (on loan to Torquay)
Previous Argyle Managers.
These are the team managers of Plymouth Argyle and the dates they took over.

List_of_French_football_teams
These are some French football (soccer) teams.

Charlton_Athletic_F.C.
Charlton Athletic Football Club, is an English football club.
The club plays in the FA Barclaycard Premiership.

Tottenham_Hotspur_F.C.
Tottenham Hotspur Football Club, is an English football club.
The club plays in the English Premier League. Their current stadium is White Hart Lane, in north London. The captain of Tottenham Hotspur is centre back Ledley King. Harry Redknapp is the Manager. Famous Tottenham Hotspur players include Pat Jennings, Paul Gascoigne, Glenn Hoddle, Dave Mackay, Gary Lineker, Danny Blanchflower, Teddy Sheringham and Dimitar Berbatov. They have many rivals in London but their most famous rivals are Arsenal. They were the first winners of ther UEFA Cup tournament, and the first team in the 20th century to achieve the league and cup double. Their nickname Spurs is the most commonly used in English football. Other nicknames include The Lilywhites and occasionally "Yid Army".
In their most recent Premiership campaign, the finished in 11th position as well as winning the League Cup.

AFC_Wimbledon
AFC Wimbledon is an English football (soccer) club from London. The club plays in the Isthmian League Premier Division. They have been promoted to a better league twice in the past two years.
AFC Wimbledon were formed in 2002 by fans angry at Wimbledon F.C. moving to Milton Keynes, 70 miles away from South London. They play at the The Fans' Stadium, Kingsmeadow in London.

Laboratory_techniques
Laboratory techniques are the techniques of handling the various pieces of apparatus.

Kilogram
The kilogram is a metric unit that describes mass. The official kilogram equals the mass of a particular piece of platinum-iridium metal kept in Paris. It is the only SI unit left that is defined such that it needs to be compared to some object. There are now attempts to define the kilogram in a different way, for example by specifying a number of atoms of a certain substance (at a certain temperature).
One kilogram is a little more than 2.2 pounds. One tonne is one thousand kilograms.
History.
In 1879 the piece of metal was made. It was officially chosen to be the kilogram in 1889. It was made of 90% platinum and 10% iridium because both do not rust or corrode the way most metals do. From 1795 to 1799, the unit of mass was not called "kilogram" but was named "grave".
Problems.
There are various copies of the original Kilogram. The problem is now that some of these copies have gained or lost some mass. They no longer weigh the same.

Wave_(physics)
A wave is a type of change that moves from one place to another.
Properties of Waves.
Sine waves can be measured too. The shape of a sine wave is given by its amplitude, phase, wavelength and frequency. The speed that the sine wave moves can be measured. The amplitude and wavelength of the sine wave is shown in the picture.
The highest point on a wave is called the peak. Though lowest point is called the trough. The peak of a wave and the trough of a wave are always twice the wave's amplitude apart from each other. The part of the wave half way in between the peak and the trough is called the baseline.
All waves are made by adding up sine waves. Waves also have amplitudes, phases, wavelengths, frequencies and speeds that can be measured.
Waves and Matter.
Some waves can move through matter while others cannot. For instance, some waves can move through empty space, light waves for example. Sound waves, on the other hand, cannot move through empty space. Inherently, all waves carry energy from one place to another when they move. In some applications of technology, waves may carry meaningful information from one place to another, such as radio technology.
Usually, after a wave moves through matter, the matter is the same as it was before the wave was introduced, though in some cases, matter can be affected by waves traveling through it. In 1922, Louuituitiriy omar gtuis de Broglie found out that waves all waves are also particles, and all particles are also waves.
Some Types of Waves.
Light waves can move through space. When light waves move through space, there are no particles to move. Sunlight gets to the earth by moving through space. Sunlight brings the earth energy and information.

City_of_London
The City of London is a district of London, capital city of England and the United Kingdom. It is in central London and is the oldest part of the city, dating back to Roman times.
The City of London has its own special mayor, the Lord Mayor, and other ancient features of government, dating back to medieval times.
It is here in the City of London where most of the United Kingdom's financial trade is done. It is a very small area, covering only a square mile, and has a very small population too (8,000). However, many people come to work here and during work times it can be very busy, with some 300,000 people.

Male
Male is one of the two sexes. Most species have two sexes - male and female. Human males are men or boys; human females are women or girls. The two sexes have different sexual organs They also often have different functions. The female gives birth to children with the semen provided by the male. In many human societies, females often were involved in gathering, while men used to hunt. Nowadays, we find that females are just as good as males at doing most tasks.

Power
The Chinese call it chi. The Japanese call it kiai.

NEWI_Cefn_Druids_F.C.
NEWI Cefn Druids Football Club (they used to be called Flexsys Cefn Druids) are a Welsh football (soccer) team.
They play in the Welsh League

Minnesota_River
The Minnesota River is a river in the United States. It is in the northern United States, in the state of Minnesota. It is a tributary of the Mississippi River. It is about 534 km long.
The source of the river is a lake in western Minnesota. The lake is called Big Stone Lake. The lake is on the border between the state of Minnesota and the state of South Dakota. From its source, the Minnesota flows southeast. At Mankato, it turns northeast. It joins the Mississippi just south of the cities of Saint Paul and Minneapolis.
The Minnesota River was formed after the last ice age in North America.

Brussels
Brussels (,) is the capital city of Belgium and the European Union.
In 2007 its population, the people living in it, was 145,917. But the area around it, known as the Brussels-Capital Region, had 1,031,215 people (which makes it the largest city area in Belgium).
The people in Brussels used to only speak Flemish (a type of Dutch) but more and more people speaking French moved there and now French is spoken more than Dutch. But there are lots of other languages spoken as well since the European Union based its offices in the city.
"Brussels sprouts" are named after the city and it is also where many popular comics in Europe originated (Tintin, The Smurfs, Snorks, Lucky Luke). It is also well known for a style of building know as "Art Nouveau", its waffles and its chocolates.
The city is located at 50° 50 North, 04° 21 East.

Swahili_language
Swahili language is a language widely spoken in East Africa. In Swahili language is named is Kiswahili. It is a Bantu language.
Swahili language is spoken in a wide area from southern Somalia to northern Mozambique and the whole of Kenya. There are about five million first-language speakers and fifty million second-language speakers. Swahili has become a language with which people can communicate for East Africa and surrounding areas.
Swahili language began to be spoken in Zanzibar, an island of Tanzania. Swahili languages is an official language in Tanzania and Kenya. It has been influenced by many other languages like Arabic language.
Vocabulary.
The below are examples of Swahili language.

Minute
A minute is a customary unit of time, it is equal to 60 seconds and there is 60 minutes in an hour. It is not a proper SI unit of time like the second.
A minute is also 1/60 of a degree.

Portugal
Portugal is a country in the south-west of Europe. The Atlantic Ocean is to the west and south, and Spain is to the north and east. Compared to the countries near Portugal, Portugal is actually quite smaller.
Three groups of islands in the Atlantic Ocean are also part of Portugal: the Azores ("Açores"), the Madeira and the Savage Isles ("Ilhas Selvagens"). The Savage Isles are a small group of islands with nobody on them, controlled by Madeira. The country says that Olivença is also part of it, but it is controlled by Spain (even the United Nations do not recognize the occupation).
History.
Portugal became its own kingdom in 1139. The border with Spain has been almost the same since the 13th century. Fishing and trade with other countries are some of the most important economic activities.
Portugal was important in world exploration for two reasons. Henry the Navigator, a prince from Portugal, was very interested in exploration. Inventions in navigation led to a bigger knowledge of geography.
Portugal was a world power during the 15th and 16th centuries. However, it lost a lot of money soon after this. The city of Lisbon was destroyed in an earthquake in 1755. The country was occupied during the Napoleonic Wars. It lost its colony, Brazil, in 1822.
In 1910, Portugal became a Republic, and in 1926, a military group took control of the country from the Portuguese 1st Republic. This began a time of rule by fascist governments. This lasted until 1974. That year, a peaceful left-wing army coup, called the "Carnation Revolution" happened. The coup changed how the country was run.
The next year, Portugal allowed its colonies in Africa to be on their own: Mozambique, Angola, Guinea-Bissau, Cape Verde and São Tomé and Príncipe. It lost its colony of East Timor in Asia to an Indonesian battle. Portugal went into the European Union in 1986. Another Asian colony, Macau, became part of China again in December 1999.
The main language of Portugal is Portuguese.
Famous Portuguese people are Luis de Camões, Afonso Henriques, Fernando Pessoa and Btm

Houseplant
A houseplant is any kind of decorative plant. People grow them indoors, usually in a house, where these plants gets their name.

Elephant
Elephants are the largest living land mammals. The largest elephant known was a male shot in Angola in 1974. It weighed 12 tonnes (13.5 tons). An elephant child is called a "calf". At birth, a calf can have a weight of 100 kg (225 pounds). The baby elephant develops for 20 to 22 months inside its mother. No other land animal takes this long to develop before being born.
An elephant's most obvious part is the "trunk". The trunk is a very long nose, made from the upper lip. An elephant uses its trunk to grab objects such as food. Elephants also have "tusks". Tusks are large teeth coming out of their upper jaws.
A lot of ivory comes from elephant tusks. Ivory traders killed too many elephants, so now hunting them is illegal. The number of elephants has tripled in the last 6 months.
People knew for a long time there were different kinds of elephants. The scientific word for a kind of animal is "species". These species are African and Asian elephants. African elephants are larger and have bigger ears. These big ears have many "veins", which carry blood throughout the body. Scientists think that the blood going through their ears helps African elephants to cool off. The weather is hotter in Africa than in Asia, so it is hard for elephants to stay cool. Female African elephants have tusks, but female Asian elephants do not. African elephants have a low place in their back. African elephants have two "fingers" at the end of their trunks, but Asian elephants only have one.
Elephants eat a lot of grass. Grass is hard to chew, so their teeth are very important. Elephants have 24 teeth: 12 front teeth, called "premolars", and 12 back teeth, called "molars". The teeth come out in order, from front to back. Because grass is very tough, the elephant teeth slowly wear out. When the last molar wears out, the elephant usually dies because it cannot eat. But in a zoo or circus, people can keep elephants alive by feeding them soft food. Scientists call the elephant genus (group of related animals) "Loxodonta" because "loxodont" means a kind of molar.
Some African elephants live on the savanna while others live in the forest. Today, many people think these are different species. Scientists named the forest group "Loxodonta cyclotis" and the savanna group "Loxodonta africanus". This means that African elephants are even more in danger of dying off forever than people used to think.
Humans have used elephants for different things. The Carthaginian general Hannibal took some elephants across the Alps
when he fought the Romans. He probably used the North African elephant, a kind of elephant that does not live today. It was smaller than other African elephants.
People have used elephants to move around and to have fun. Many circuses have them. Siamese, Indians, and other South Asians used them for several things. They fought in armies, and they crushed criminals. They also did heavy work like lifting trees and moving logs.
However, people have never "domesticated" elephants. Domesticated animals are tame and have babies under human control. The male elephant in heat is dangerous and hard to control. Most elephants used by people are female, except those used in war. In a battle, female elephants run from males, so armies needed males.
In the wild, elephants have strong family groups. Their ways of acting toward other elephants are hard for people to understand. They "talk" to each other with very low sounds. Most elephants sounds are so low, people cannot hear them. But elephants can hear these sounds far away.
Elephants are related to sea cows, which are large mammals that live in water. Some people think that long ago, the ancestors of elephants also lived under water. Evolution is how one species changes into another. The ancestors of elephants would have used their trunks for breathing air while they swam. Even today, elephants can swim like this.
The extinct animals called mammoths were relatives of today's elephants. Modern elephants live only in warm places, but the woolly mammoth had long hair and lived in cold places.
Miscellaneous.
White elephants are considered holy in Thailand.
The most famous fictional elephant is Dumbo. It is a flying elephant in a Disney movie. "The Elephant's Child" is one of Rudyard Kipling's "Just So Stories"
Ganesha is the god of wisdom in Hinduism. He has an elephant's head.
The elephant is the symbol for the United States Republican Party. It is like the Democratic Party's donkey. The first person to use the elephant as a symbol for the Republican Party was Thomas Nast. He did that in a Harper's Weekly cartoon in 1874.
Elephants also have very large brains and are very smart.

Flea
The flea ("siphonaptera") is an insect that lives on many kinds of animals and sometimes humans. Fleas are considered parasites, and they drink the blood of the animal they bite.
Fleas can live outdoors in sand or tall grass, and they will jump to any passing animal and lay eggs. Flea bites are usually red bumps and they itch. They can carry disease and make animals sick.
There are several types of fleas including the dog flea, cat flea, human flea, northern rat flea, and the oriental rat flea. During the Middle Ages, the oriental rat flea that spread a virus that caused the Bubonic Plague, also known as the Black Death or Black Plague, a huge epidemic the size of today's bird flu. The oriental rat flea would become infected by this virus. After infected the bacteria grew inside of the flea eventually blocking the path to their stomach. Because of this the flea was always hungry. When the flea would bite a human it opened up the skin and since the stomach of the flea was blocked, the blood from the human was heaved up back into the human, but only this time it was infected with the Bubonic virus.

Quantity
Quantity or amount is how much of something there is that can be counted or measured.
Counting.
Whole numbers (1, 2, 3…) are used to count things. This can be done by pointing to each one. As things are pointed to, a number is said. Start with the number one. Each time another thing is pointed to, the next whole number is used. When the last thing in a group it pointed to, that number is the quantity of the group.
Measuring.
Measuring is done with a ruler or a machine. We put a ruler next to a thing to measure how long it is. We put things on a scale to measure their mass. Other machines are used to measure temperature, speed, or electricity.
Decimal numbers.
When measuring things, a whole number might not be the best answer. A distance might be longer than 5 meters, but less than 6 meters. Meter sticks are marked off in parts of a meter. Decimals are formed by marking off a ruler in ten equal parts. Each part is a tenth. 5.2 meters is a little bit longer than 5 meters. 5.7 meters is a little bit shorter than 6 meters. Each of these tenths can be marked with ten smaller parts. The one hundred centimeters on a meter stick are done this way.
Fraction numbers.
Fractions are used when there are parts of a whole number. The dial on a machine may be marked with four parts between each whole number. A scale with a bag of potatoes may show five and three fourths kilograms. This would be almost six kilograms.
The words "amount" and "number".
People often use the word "amount" when they should say "number". The word "number" should be used if a particular number could be put: e.g.

Mecca
Mecca or Makkah (called Mecca in older texts (officially: Makkah al-Mukarramah; Arabic: مكة المكرمة‎) is a city in Saudi Arabia. It has a population of 1,294,167 (2004 census). The city is located 73 kilometres inland from Jeddah, in the narrow sandy Valley of Abraham, 277 metres above sea level. It is located 81 kilometres from the Red Sea.
Makkah is the holiest city in the Islamic world. Every year, millions of Muslims walk a pilgrimage to Makkah. This is called the Hajj, where they follow in the footsteps of Muhammad. The Kaaba and Masjid al-Haram, the holiest mosque in Islam is situated here. Makkah is closed to non-Muslims except some journalists reporting on the Hajj.
History.
The Kaaba, the small cubical building which Muslims pray towards is believed to have been built by Ibrahim and has been a religious center ever since. Muslims believed that God commanded Ibrahim to send his second wife Hajar and her son Ismail there. They found the Zamzam Well which led to people settling nearby, and thus Makkah was born. When Ismail was big enough, he helped his father to build the Kaaba. The kaaba is the place that the muslims pray towards. This is known as the Qibla and this is the only place which muslims can pray towards..

Uncle
An uncle is a name used in an extended family. A uncle is either a brother of one of someone's parents or the husband of their aunt. That person is the uncle's nephew (male) or niece (female). An uncle's child is a cousin.

Desktop_environment
A desktop environment is a group of software that allows the user to use a computer easily.
The most common desktop environment on personal computers is the one given by Microsoft Windows; another common environment is the one given by Apple Mac OS X.
Other mostly-used desktop environments for Unix-like operating systems using the X Window System are KDE, GNOME, Xfce.
There are also other desktop environments, including: Aston, EDE, GEM, IRIX Interactive Desktop, Sun's Java Desktop System, Mezzo, Project Looking Glass, ROX Desktop, UDE, Xito, XFast.

Alberta
Alberta is a province in Canada. It lies in the western part of Canada. The province of British Columbia is west of Alberta. The province of Saskatchewan is east of Alberta. It is north of Montana, one of the states in the United States.
Alberta is the fourth largest Canadian province. It has an area of 642,317 km². Alberta has 3,305,800 people. There are three provinces in Canada that have more people.
The capital of Alberta is Edmonton. Edmonton is close to the middle of Alberta. Calgary is another city in Alberta. It is south of Edmonton.
Working in Alberta.
Alberta has a lot of oil and natural gas.
It is hard to find a job in Alberta because there is a lot of people there, because they all want the oil
There are also a lot of farms in Alberta. Farmers grow wheat and other things. There are also a lot of cows on Alberta farms.
Alberta Weather.
Some of Alberta gets a lot of snow in the winter. Alberta can be very cold in the winter. There is a dry part of Alberta in the south.
Alberta History.
Alberta was made a province of Canada in 1905.

Exercise
Physical exercise.
Exercise can be an important part of physical therapy, weight loss, or sports performance.
Exercise can be fun, but it is important for the exercisor to do what he likes and eat enough calories, so when he exercises he is building up muscles, not just breaking them down for fuel. Carbohydrates are muscle-sparing; and if one does not get enough calories overall, there is the risk of burning muscles up with the fat to make up the deficit.
Exercise benefits.
Regular exercise has been shown to help high blood pressure, obesity, heart disease, diabetes, and depression, among others.

Nim
There is a simple mathematical strategy to play the game perfectly. If both players play perfectly, the winner is determined by the initial setup.

Crucible
In chemistry, a crucible is a kind of laboratory apparatus that is usually a cup, made of porcelain or non-reactive metal, used to heat chemical compounds to very high temperatures. One of the earliest uses of platinum was as a material in crucibles. Metals such as nickel and zirconium are also used as crucible materials these days.

Computer_jargon
Computer jargon means words to do with computers and surrounding topics. Knowing what these words mean can help you know more about computers. Some people use these words to impress other people (Also known as buzzwords).

North
North is one of the 4 main directions on a compass. North is usually up on most maps. Canada is north of the United States, Venezuela is north of Brazil, and Russia is north of India. The North Pole is the farthest north you can go.

Hawaiian_Islands
Hawaii has been a state since 1959.

Palette_knife
A palette knife is a blunt knife with an very flexible steel blade and no sharpened cutting edge. It is a tool.

Ottawa,_Ontario
Ottawa is the capital of Canada and is part of the province of Ontario. It is south of the Ottawa River. The population in 2004 was about 808,391 people in the city itself. The region has about 1,146,790 people in it. The mayor of the city today (2006) is Larry O'Brien. It is located in the Ottawa Valley and is the fourth largest city in Canada.
When one talks about Ottawa, it could also mean the highest government in Canada, and not its local government or the city.
The cities of Ottawa, Kanata, Nepean, Gloucester and Vanier and the villages of Manotick and Rockcliffe Park joined in the year 2000 to form the new city of Ottawa. Ottawa also includes Orléans, which joined at that same time.

Hacksaw
A hacksaw is a tool for sawing.
It holds the hacksaw blade at both ends and has a single handle.
A hacksaw is useful for cutting out openings.
It is also useful for cutting jigsaw puzzles.
A hacksaw has small teeth and can cut metal.

Alliteration
Alliteration is when a sentence or phrase has many words starting with the same letter. It is commonly used in advertising, poetry, headlines, and tongue-twisters.
An example of alliteration is "Sally sold sea shells so she should sleep soundly so so so so sweet", and "Sally sold sea shells down by the sea shore".

Literature
Literature is the collection of written works of a language, time, or culture. Literature can help tell the stories of a people's values or interests. Many people consider literature to be one of the best ways to learn about other cultures.
Literature is usually the best books a country or culture has made. It is art with words.
Literature can also mean imaginative or creative writing, which is looked at for its artistic value.

Protoplasm
Protoplasm is the living substance that make up a cell. In plant cells, it is surrounded by a cell wall. In animal cell, the whole cell is made of protoplasm, surrounded by a cell membrane. Protoplasm in living beings is made up of about 75-80 percent water.

Dyadic
A dyadic is a math function that needs two things in order to give something out. Addition and multiplication are dyadic. Powers are also dyadic. There are many more functions that are dyadic.

Thermometer
We use a thermometer to find how hot or cold a thing, person, or animal is (its temperature).
Medical thermometers.
In the past, the traditional thermometer was a mercury-in-glass thermometer. People put the end of this in their mouth ("oral" temperature), under their arm, or in their cul ("rectal" temperature). In some countries this is the normal method today. 1200 people died because of this.
It is only possible to find oral temperatures on patients who can hold the thermometer correctly in their mouth. So small children can not use this method. It is also a problem for people with a cough or people who are vomiting. In the past it was a big problem, because mercury thermometers needed a long time to find the temperature. Today, digital thermometers are faster. If a person drinks something hot or cold, wait before testing their oral temperature.
When finding a person's rectal temperature, it helps to use a cream on the thermometer. Rectal temperatures are the most exact method. In some countries people think it is embarrassing (they feel uncomfortable) to use them for people older than two or three. In other countries it is normal for children and adults to use rectal thermometers.
In the 1990s, people in many countries thought mercury thermometers were too risky, as mercury is harmful to humans. Today they use electronic thermometers. Sometimes they use thermometers with liquids, but not with mercury.
There are other kinds of medical thermometers: "tympanic" thermometers test the temperature of the tympan (the eardrum) with infrared; "band" thermometers test a person's temperature on the fron of their head.

Arm
An arm is a limb. Most humans have two arms each, coming out of their body just below the neck. On the end of each arm is a hand. Humans use arms and hands to do things to other objects, this is called manipulation. Some other primates have arms which they use to move around by holding onto trees or supporting themselves as they walk along the ground.

1995
1995 is a year in the 20th century. It is a common year that started with a Sunday.

Common_year
A common year is a year that is not a leap year. In the Gregorian Calendar a common year has 365 days. This means a common year has 52 weeks and one day. So if a certain year started on a Monday, the following year will start on a Tuesday.
In the Gregorian calendar, 303 out of every 400 years are common years. In the Julian calendar, 300 out of every 400 years were common years. All the other years are special and known as leap years.
Months.
These are the 12 months in a year.
There are 7 months with 31 days. There are 4 months with 30 days. There is 1 month with 28 days.

Rain
Rain are droplets of water that fall from clouds in the sky. Droplets of water bigger than 0.5 mm are rain. Those the size of about 0.2-0.5 mm are drizzle. Rain is part of the water cycle and is a form of precipitation. Precipitation is any form of water falling from clouds/ the sky. Precipitation can be rain, hail, sleet or snow.
Convection rain.
Convection rain is found in hot wet places of the world. Sometimes, it is also found in tropical deserts and inland areas during summer, when temperatures are high. During daytime, the sun makes the ground very hot. Air near the ground surface is heated by conduction. The heated air expands, becoming less dense and rising in a strong upwards air current. When the temperature of the rising air falls to the dew point, water vapor shrinks into thick clouds and forms convection rain.
Relief rain".
Relief rain usually occurs along coastal areas where a line of hills runs along to the coast. When wet onshore wind from the sea meet a mountain, hill and barrier, it is forced to rise along the slope and cools. When the air temperature falls to its dew point, water vapor condenses to form clouds. When the clouds can no longer hold the water droplets, relief rain begins to fall on the windward slope of the mountain. On the leeward slope, air sinks, it is warmed and further dried by compression. Therefore, the leeward slope is known as rain shadow. Moist winds blow in from the sea and are forced to rise over the land. The air cools and the water vapour condenses, forming rain drops. Relief rain is also a very dense and cold mixture of precipitation.
Frontal rain is when a cold front meets a warm air front. The less dense warm air rises and condenses forming clouds. These clouds get heavier and it eventually rains. The cold air front tends to come from the north west and the warm air front comes from the south west.
Hot sun heats any water on the Ground. The Water from the ground is evaporated. Water vapor rise, cools and condenses at dew point.Cloud from and rain fall happens and then the whole thing happens again.

Monday
--86.149.70.81 (talk) 18:07, 13 January 2009 (UTC)Monday is the second day of the week. In other parts of the world, such as some countries in Europe, Monday is said to be the first day of the week. But these guys are retards because they everybody knows that Monday is the second day of the week. Jesus!!

2000
2000 is the last year in the 20th century. It is a leap year. Y2K passes without the serious computer failures.

President
A president is the leader of a country or a company or other group. A president is usually elected by the people in that group. Voting is one way to elect a president.
Electing a President.
The United States has a president. He is elected by the electoral college. Companies have presidents. They are elected by the people who own part of the company. In some companies, the people who are workers for the company elect (vote for) their company president.
Power of a President.
The president of a country is not the same thing as a prime minister. A prime minister is part of a parliament, but a president is not. In some countries, (such as the United States or France), the president has more power and responsibility than anyone else. In other countries (such as Ireland or Israel), to be president is more of an honor or a symbol, and the position has no real power.The president is often called the nation's chief executive. As chief executive, the president must take an active role in all phases of government.
In most countries that have a King or Queen as their monarch, they have no president.
The American President is restricted by the written United States Constitution, which can be changed but only if two-thirds of congress as well as the President and three-fourths of the states agree to it. The American constitution was created to make sure that the American executive never became as powerful as the British system it had broken away from. The British Prime Minister is part of both the Legislature and Executive, whereas the American President is the head of the Executive. The American governmental system shows a clear separation of powers unlike the British system.
So despite having a large nuclear arsenal, the American president does can't carry out policy and introduce legislation as freely as the British prime minister.

Evaporation
Evaporation is when a liquid becomes a gas. When the molecules in a liquid are heated, they move faster. This makes them full of energy and so the particles will just "kill" each and eventually they become so far apart that they become a gas.
The more heat there is the faster evaporating is.
Water boils at around 100 degrees Celsius.
There are many factors that affect the evaporation rate.
Some liquids evaporate at different temperatures, such as alcohol, which evaporates at 87 degrees celsius. Basically, water dries up and disapears in the air.When water is evaporating it transforms into a gas called water vapor. Evaporation of water can be seen by the gradual disappearance of the amount of water.the reverse of evaporation is condensation. Evaporation is a very essential part of the water cycle and it sometimes happens at the same time as condensation when water is boiling in a closed container.

Parliament
A parliament is a type of legislature. The most famous parliament is probably the one in the United Kingdom, which is sometimes called the "Mother of all Parliaments". It is called this because it was one of the first parliaments and many other countries have set their own up in the same way. The word "parliament" comes from the French word "parlement", which means a talk.
How the British Parliament works.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom is split into three separate parts, the House of Commons (the lower house), the House of Lords (the upper house) and the Monarch. Most legislative power concentrated in the House of Commons. It is made up of
646 Members of Parliament (MPs). These people are elected by the people of the United Kingdom to represent them in the House of Commons. The leader of the political party who commands a majority of MPs is usually made the Prime Minister, but not the Head of State, a position reserved for the Sovereign. The House of Commons starts most Bills, the remainder originating in the House of Lords, and decides rates of taxationas a result of election by the other hereditary peers and two other hereditary peers who have ceremonial jobs in the House of Lords. They are the Earl Marshal who is always the Duke of Norfolk and the Lord Great Chamberlain, the Marquess of Cholmondeley. The House of Lords has the power to reject Bills, except Money Bills (tax bills), and make the House of Commons reconsider them. If the House of Lords vetos a bill twice or delays a "public" Bill for more than one year then the House of Commons can force the Bill through under the terms of the Parliament Acts, unless it originated in the House of Lords.
The monarch (now HM Queen Elizabeth II) is the sovereign in a constitutional monarchy and, theoretically, is the fount of all power in the United Kingdom. Bills must receive the Royal Assent before becoming Acts of Parliament and the monarch is responsible for summoning, proroguing and dissolving Parliament, normally upon the advice of the incumbent Prime Minister. It is now very rare for a monarch to object, but the sovereign still retains this prerogative for use if necessary.
Other parliaments.
Other parliaments have copied the UK and are a lot like it. They have three levels - a lower house which makes the law, an upper house which reviews the law (Decides if they like it or not, and suggest changes to it), and a head of state who is mostly for show and who starts and ends each year of parliament. The Prime Minister is almost always the person whose party has the most seats, but if the lower house does not think he is doing a good job they can call a vote of no confidence and ask him to leave his job as Prime Minister or have an election.
The word "parliament".
Sometimes people use the word "parliament" to describe a legislature, even if it is not a real parliament. A "parliament" is a type of legislature which has a Prime Minister.
Similar to a congress.
A parliament is a lot like a congress but a congress cannot ask the head of the government to leave his job. Also, a congress runs for a number of years according to the countries constitution, but a parliament can be stopped as long as enough members agree. Elections are held after this happens.

List_of_Soviet_Union-related_topics
W.
"See also:" Lists of country-related topics

Petroleum
Petroleum also called crude oil is a thick and black liquid. It consists mainly of hydrocarbons. It is mainly found in the Middle East, North America, and Russia. It is the most important world energy source. It supplies 38% of the world's energy at present.
Petroleum can be separated into less complex but more useful mixtures by fractional distillation. The process is called oil refining.
Petroleum can be easily transported by pipeline. Treated petroleum can be used as fuels; mainly gasoline ("petrol") for cars and as lubricants.
Problems.
Petroleum resource is limited and non-renewable. Most of it would run out within 70 years.
Burning petroleum gives out carbon dioxide. Carbon dioxide is oxygen that was already brought to the lungs of people. It can only be renewed by plants.
Crude is chemically speaking a mixture of lots of different chemicals most of which burn well. It is separated by distillation in oil refineries to give separate chemicals such as gasoline (or "petrol") for cars, kerosene for airplanes and bitumen for roads. The bitumen gives crude oil its dark black colour; most of the other chemicals in crude are slightly yellow or colourless.
There is a lot of crude oil left underground. Oil companies quote "reserves" which some people confuse with the actual amount of oil underground, but are more to do with extraction costs. Most of the crude left underground is in the Middle East which is not a politically stable part of the world. Some governments with lots of oil reserves work together through OPEC to keep production low and prices high. Policitians complain about high oil prices because voters complain. However many environmentalists worry about the damage being done by using oil as a fuel source (especially global warming) and are therefore happy that prices are kept high so that people use less oil.

Tokyo
Tokyo (東京) is the capital of Japan. Ten percent (10%) of the Japanese people live in Tokyo, and as many as twenty percent (20%) of the population live around it. As of 2007, the population was 12,790,000. Tokyo is the center of business, trade, and industry of Japan and also of Asia.
Tokyo is in a part of Japan called the Kanto plain. It faces Tokyo bay. Two rivers run through Tokyo. One is the Sumida River which runs from the north to the south, and flows into Tokyo bay.
The other is the Tama River which runs from the west to the east. The Tama River is a border between Tokyo and its neighbor city, Kawasaki.
Tokyo means "the Eastern capital" in Japanese. It became the capital of Japan in the middle of 19th century, when its name changed from "Edo" to "Tokyo". Before then, Kyoto was the capital of Japan. The emperor of Japan, Tenno, lived in Kyoto. Edo was the place where the Tokugawa Shoguns lived. The city grew up under the control of the Shoguns. Before then it was a small town on the sea. Edo means "the mouth of a river" in Japanese.
Tokyo was destroyed by fires started by the Great Kanto Earthquake in 1923. It was also badly damaged by bombs during World War II. The most famous bombing was on March 10, 1945 because of the atomic bomb. After Japan lost the war, the city was rebuilt.
Tokyo held the Olympic Games in the summer of 1964.

Warsaw
Warsaw (In Polish: "Warszawa") is the capital of Poland. It is also the biggest city in that country. There are about 2,000,000 people living there. People from Warsaw are called "Varsovians".
Geography.
Warsaw lies near the middle of Poland on both sides of the Vistula river, and about 350 km (225 miles) from the Baltic Sea. It is about 100 m (325 ft) above sea level.
Warsaw is home to 4 universities and 62 colleges, and many theatres and art galleries.
History.
People began living in this place in the 13th century. By the 15th century, Warsaw had grown enough to be called a city. It became the capital of Poland in 1596.
The city was destroyed several times in its history, but every time it was rebuilt. The most important of these times was during the Second World War. Poland had been occupied by Germany between 1939 and 1944. On 1 August 1944, the people of Warsaw started fighting to free their city. This was called the "Warsaw Uprising". It lasted for 63 days, but eventually the people of Warsaw were beaten, and there was almost nothing left of the Old Town. After the war, the Varsovians rebuilt the Old Town from looking at old photographs and drawings. The rest of the city, also destroyed in 90% was not rebuilt, but built from the beginning "the new way". Owners of buildings and realty from before the war are still fighting for the property taken by the communists.

List_of_terrorist_incidents
The following is a timeline of acts and failed attempts that can be considered terrorism.
"Note: there is no single accepted definition of terrorism in common use. Incidents listed here are commonly called terrorism, or meet some of the commonly used criteria."
2000s.
See also: aircraft hijacking, Palestinian terrorism, American terrorism, Israeli terrorism, IRA, suicide bombing, List of massacres, assassinations, Dupont Plaza Hotel, GIA

List_of_Communist_Parties
There are a number of Communist Parties around the world. The first Communist Parties were set up after the Russian Revolution. Their aim was to support the Bolsheviks (the Russian Communists).
In world history, the Russian and Chinese Communists are very important.
In Western Europe, the French, Spanish and Italian Communist Parties are the biggest. They have taken part in either local, regional or central government in those countries.
Some Communist parties have different names, such as Socialist Party, Socialist Workers Party, or Workers Party. But most Socialist parties are social democratic and not Communist.
"See also:" Communism, List of members of the Comintern, List of left communist internationals, List of political parties

List_of_planets
The list of all the planets in the solar system
Pluto is no longer classified as a planet, it is now considered a dwarf planet.

List_of_symbols
This is a list of graphical signs, icons, and symbols.

Acne
Acne is an infection of the skin, caused by changes in the sebaceous glands. The most common form of acne is called acne vulgaris, which means common acne. The redness comes from the inflammation of the skin in response to the infection.
Oils from the glands combine with dead skin cells to block hair follicles. Under the blocked pore, oil builds up. Skin bacteria can then grow very quickly. This infection makes the skin become swollen and red, which becomes visible.
The face, chest, back, and upper arms are most common places for acne to happen.
Acne is common during puberty, when a person is turning from a child into an adult, because of high levels of hormones. Acne becomes less common as people reach adulthood.
Treatments.
Many things are sold to treat acne, the most popular being benzoyl peroxide. Many of these things have not been scientifically proven to help acne. However, a mix of commercial and homemade treatments can help with acne for various reasons.
Popping a pimple should not be done by anyone but a qualified dermatologist. Pimple popping irritates skin, can make the bacteria spread, and can cause scars. If you must pop a pimple yourself, it is advised to apply warm water to the area before popping it and to wash your hand thoroughly before beginning so as to avoid spreading bacteria via the hands. Applying warm water will open up the pores and reduce the damage because it will require less force to pop it.
Acne scars.
Bad acne often leads to bad scars where the skin has the shape of a volcano. It is difficult and expensive to treat acne scars.

Sahara_Desert
The Sahara Desert in north Africa is the second largest desert in the world (after Antarctica). It is about 9,065,000 square kilometres in size. Some scientists think it is 2.5 million years old. It is the hottest place on the Earth, but not the driest. The driest is the Atacana desert in South America.
The name "Sahara" is from an Arabic word صحر that means "desert".

Big_Bang
The Big Bang is the theory that the universe began by growing out from a very small, dense, and hot condition about 13.7 billion years ago. As a whole cosmos, everything is now flying away from everything else with no center. All space, time, and matter was created when the point got bigger. Cosmology is the name given to how the universe began and how it has developed. Scientists that study cosmology agree the Big Bang theory matches what they have seen so far. Other theories do not match as well.
The theory is called the "Big Bang" because Fred Hoyle wanted to make fun of the theory. He did not believe it. Scientists who did believe it thought the name was funny and used it anyway. Since then, Fred Hoyle's reasons for not liking the theory have been shown to be wrong.
Scientists base the Big Bang theory on many different observations. The most important is the redshift of very far away galaxies. Redshift is when the light from an object moving away from the earth looks like it has lost energy. Objects moving towards the earth look like their light has gained energy. This is because of the Doppler effect. The more redshift there is, the faster the object is moving. When we see the redshift we can see how fast the object is moving. Since everything is moving away from everything else at a carefully measured rate, scientists calculate that everything was in the same place 13.7 billion years ago. Because most things become colder when they become bigger, the universe must have been very hot when it started.
Other observations that support the Big Bang theory are the amounts of chemical elements in the universe. Amounts of hydrogen, helium, and lithium seem to agree with the theory of the Big Bang. Scientists also have found "cosmic microwave background radiation". This radiation is radio waves that are everywhere in the universe. It is now very weak and cold, but a long time ago it was very strong and very hot. But, it isn't now.
The Big Bang theory might also have been the beginning of time too. If the Big Bang was the beginning of time itself then there was no universe before the Big Bang. Other ideas that also have a Big Bang do not have a beginning of time at 13.7 billion years ago. Instead, these theories say that the beginning of the universe as we currently know it began at that time. Before then the universe may have been very different.

Electrical_cell
An electrical cell is a device that is used to generate electricity, or one that is used to make chemical reactions possible by applying electricity.
Cells producing electricity.
The simple electrical cells where first developed in 1800s. They are also called "galvanic cells", because an Italian scientist named Luigi Galvani invented these cells.
Special chemical reactions which occur inside the electrical cell, result in oxidation and reduction of the substances inside the cell. This produces electrical energy. Normal batteries work like this.
Some of the electrical cells produce electricity without using chemical energy. For example, solar cells produce electricity when they are exposed to sun light.
Cells using electricity.
Some chemical reactions need high energy to happen. An example is the breakdown of water into hydrogen and oxygen. An electrical cell (or an electrolytic cell) is used for these reactions. It is a container which has to have a chemical reaction involving electrodes. The chemical substances are exposed to high voltage electrical power, and the reaction happens inside the electrical cell.
These cells are commonly related with chemical reactions. For example, a plate of zinc and a plate of copper are immersed in a dilute solution which contains acid or salt. The solution acts as an electroltyte (electric conductor). When the two plates are connected to a lamp with a wire, electric current will pass; this is because "oxidation and reduction" processes take place in this chemical activity turning zinc plate to a negative electrode and the copper plate to a positive electrode, and so the electrons flows from zinc to copper which turns the lamp on.

Zeami
Zeami Motokiyo (世阿弥 元清) also called Kanze Motokiyo (観世 元清), (1363 - 1443) was a Japanese actor and playwright. He wrote what Noh actors should do, and made Noh theater finer as an art form. Noh is a kind of Japanese musical drama. Zeami's books not only tell how actors should play their roles, but also talk about art and philosophy, based on the spiritual culture of Japan.
Zeami's father, Kan'ami, was also an actor and playwright. Kan'ami had his own theater and traveled with members. He taught Zeami his skills. This father and son were the most important persons for Noh theater, and they made the Noh what it is today.
When Kan'ami's company played for the Shogun of Japan, Ashikaga Yoshimitsu, the Shogun offered to let Zeami go to school with the princes for his arts. Zeami was a beautiful boy with a good voice, and Yoshimitsu loved his beauty and talent. After Zeami followed his father and did his work to be the leader of his theater, he continued to play and change his style into what Noh is today. A mixture of ways to use the voice and ways to move, this style has been interesting for the Japanese for hundreds of years.

List_of_towns_in_England
This is a link page for towns and cities in England. In England, Wales and Northern Ireland, a town is any settlement which has received a charter of incorporation, more commonly known as a town charter, approved by the monarch. For convenience, cities have also been listed and are marked in bold.
__NOTOC__
A.
Abingdon, Accrington, Acton, Adlington, Alcester, Aldeburgh, Aldershot, Aldridge, Alford, Alfreton, Alnwick, Alsager, Alston, Alton, Altrincham, Amble, Amersham, Amesbury, Ampthill, Andover, Appleby-in-Westmorland, Arundel, Ashbourne, Ashburton, Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Ashford, Ashington, Ashton-in-Makerfield, Ashton-under-Lyne, Askern, Aspatria, Atherstone, Attleborough, Axbridge, Axminster, Aylesbury, Aylsham
B.
Bacup, Bakewell, Baldock, Banbury, Barking, Barnard Castle, Barnet, Barnoldswick, Barnsley, Barnstaple, Barnt Green, Barrow-in-Furness, Barton-upon-Humber, Basildon, Basingstoke, Bath, Batley, Battle, Bawtry, Beaconsfield, Beaminster, Bebington, Beccles, Bedale, Bedford, Bedlington, Bedworth, Beeston, Belper, Bentham, Berkhamsted, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Beverley, Bewdley, Bexhill-on-Sea, Bicester, Biddulph, Bideford, Biggleswade, Billericay, Bilston, Bingham, Birmingham, Bishop Auckland, Bishop's Castle, Bishop's Stortford, Bishop's Waltham, Blackburn, Blackpool, Blandford Forum, Bletchley, Blyth, Bodmin, Bognor Regis, Bollington, Bolsover, Bolton, Borehamwood, Boston, Bottesford, Bourne, Bournemouth, Brackley, Bracknell, Bradford, Bradford-on-Avon, Bradley Stoke, Bradninch, Braintree, Brentford, Brentwood, Bridgnorth, Bridgwater, Bridlington, Bridport, Brierley Hill, Brigg, Brighouse, Brightlingsea, Brighton, Bristol, Brixham, Broadstairs, Bromley, Bromsgrove, Bromyard, Brownhills, Buckfastleigh, Buckingham, Bude, Budleigh Salterton, Bungay, Buntingford, Burford, Burgess Hill, Burnham-on-Crouch, Burnham-on-Sea, Burnley, Burntwood, Burton Latimer, Burton-upon-Trent, Bury, Bury St Edmunds, Buxton
C.
Caistor, Calne, Camberley, Camborne, Cambridge, Camelford, Cannock, Canterbury, Carlisle, Carnforth, Carterton, Castle Cary, Castleford, Chadderton, Chagford, Chard, Charlbury, Chatham, Chatteris, Chelmsford, Cheltenham, Chesham, Cheshunt, Chester, Chesterfield, Chester-le-Street, Chichester, Chippenham, Chipping Campden, Chipping Norton, Chipping Ongar, Chipping Sodbury, Chorley, Christchurch, Church Stretton, Cinderford, Cirencester, Clacton-on-Sea, Cleckheaton, Cleethorpes, Clevedon, Clitheroe, Clun, Coalville, Cockermouth, Coggeshall, Colchester, Coleford, Colne, Congleton, Conisbrough, Corbridge, Corby, Cotgrave, Coventry, Cowes, Cramlington, Crawley, Crayford, Crediton, Crewe, Crewkerne, Cromer, Crowborough, Crowle, Crowthorne, Croydon, Cuckfield, Cullompton
D.
Dagenham, Darley Dale, Darlington, Dartford, Dartmouth, Darwen, Daventry, Dawlish, Deal, Denton, Derby, Dereham, Desborough, Devizes, Dewsbury, Didcot,
Dinnington, Diss, Doncaster, Dorchester, Dorking, Dover, Downham Market, Driffield, Dronfield, Droitwich Spa, Droylsden, Dudley, Dukinfield, Dunstable, Durham, Dursley
E.
Ealing, Earley, Easingwold, Eastbourne, East Grinstead, East Ham, Eastleigh, Eastwood, Edenbridge, Egham, Ellesmere, Ellesmere Port, Ely, Enfield, Epping, Epsom, Epworth, Erith, Esher, Eton, Evesham, Exeter, Exmouth, Eye
F.
Failsworth, Fairford, Fakenham, Falmouth, Fareham, Faringdon, Farnborough, Farnham, Farnworth, Faversham, Featherstone, Felixstowe, Fenny Stratford, Ferndown, Ferryhill, Filey, Filton, Fleet, Fleetwood, Flitwick, Folkestone, Fordingbridge, Fordwich, Fowey, Framlingham, Frinton-on-Sea, Frodsham, Frome
G.
Gainsborough, Gateshead, Gillingham, Gillingham, Glastonbury, Glossop, Gloucester, Godalming, Godmanchester, Goole, Gosport, Grange-over-Sands, Grantham, Gravesend, Grays, Great Dunmow, Great Torrington, Great Yarmouth, Grimsby, Guildford, Guisborough
H.
Hackney, Hadleigh, Hailsham, Halesworth, Halewood, Halifax, Halstead, Haltwhistle, Harlow, Harpenden, Harrogate, Harrow, Hartlepool, Harwich, Haslemere, Hastings, Hatfield, Havant, Haverhill, Hawley, Hayle, Haywards Heath, Heanor, Heathfield, Hebden Bridge, Hedon, Helston, Hemel Hempstead, Hemsworth, Henley-in-Arden, Henley-on-Thames, Hendon, Hereford, Herne Bay, Hertford, Hessle, Heswall, Hetton-le-Hole, Heywood, Hexham, Higham Ferrers, Highworth, High Wycombe, Hinckley, Hitchin, Hoddesdon, Holmfirth, Holsworthy, Honiton, Horley, Horncastle, Hornsea, Horsham, Horwich, Houghton-le-Spring, Hounslow, Hoylake, Hove Hucknall, Huddersfield, Hugh Town, Hungerford, Hunstanton, Huntingdon, Hyde, Hythe
I.
Ilchester, Ilford, Ilfracombe, Ilkeston, Ilkley, Ilminster, Ipswich, Irthlingborough, Ivybridge
K.
Keighley, Kempston, Kendal, Kenilworth, Kesgrave, Keswick, Kettering, Keynsham, Kidderminster, Kidsgrove, Killingworth, Kimberley, Kingsbridge, King's Lynn, Kingston-upon-Hull, Kingston-upon-Thames, Kington, Kirkby, Kirkby Lonsdale, Kirkham, Knaresborough, Knottingley, Knutsford
L.
Lancaster, Launceston, Leatherhead, Leamington Spa, Lechlade, Ledbury, Leeds, Leek, Leicester, Leighton Buzzard, Leiston, Leominster, Letchworth, Lewes, Lewisham, Leyland, Leyton, Lichfield, Lincoln, Liskeard, Littlehampton, Liverpool, Lizard, London, Long Eaton, Longridge, Looe, Lostwithiel, Loughborough, Loughton, Louth, Lowestoft, Ludlow, Luton, Lutterworth, Lydd, Lydney, Lyme Regis, Lymington, Lynton, Lytchett Minster, Lytham St Annes
M.
Mablethorpe, Macclesfield, Maghull, Maidenhead, Maidstone, Maldon, Malmesbury, Maltby, Malton, Malvern, Manchester, Manningtree, Mansfield, March, Margate, Market Deeping, Market Drayton, Market Harborough, Market Rasen, Market Weighton, Marlborough, Marlow, Maryport, Matlock, Melksham, Melton Mowbray, Mexborough, Middleham, Middlesbrough, Middleton, Middlewich, Midhurst, Midsomer Norton, Milton Keynes, Minehead, Morecambe, Moretonhampstead, Moreton-in-Marsh, Morley, Morpeth, Much Wenlock
N.
Nailsea, Nailsworth, Nantwich, Needham Market, Neston, Newark-on-Trent, Newbiggin-by-the-Sea, Newbury, Newcastle-under-Lyme, Newcastle upon Tyne, Newent, Newhaven, Newmarket, New Mills, New Milton, Newport, Newport, Shropshire, Newport Pagnell, Newquay, New Romney, Newton Abbot, Newton Aycliffe, Newton-le-Willows, Normanton, Northallerton, Northam, Northampton, North Walsham, Northwich, Norton Radstock, Norwich, Nottingham, Nuneaton
O.
Oakham, Okehampton, Oldbury, Oldham, Ollerton, Olney, Ormskirk, Orpington, Ossett, Oswestry, Otley, Ottery St Mary, Oundle, Oxford
P.
Paddock Wood, Padstow, Paignton, Painswick, Peacehaven, Penistone, Penrith, Penryn, Penzance, Pershore, Peterborough, Peterlee, Petersfield, Petworth, Pickering, Plymouth, Pocklington, Pontefract, Polegate, Poltimore, Poole, Portishead, Portland, Portslade, Portsmouth, Potters Bar, Potton, Poulton-le-Fylde, Prescot, Preston, Princes Risborough, Prudhoe, Pudsey
R.
Ramsgate, Raunds, Rayleigh, Reading, Redcar, Redditch, Redhill, Redruth, Reigate, Retford, Richmond, Richmond-upon-Thames, Rickmansworth, Ringwood, Ripley, Ripon, Rochdale, Rochester, Rochford, Romford, Romsey, Ross-on-Wye, Rothbury, Rotherham, Rothwell, Rowley Regis, Royston, Rugby, Rugeley, Runcorn, Rushden, Ryde, Rye
S.
Saffron Walden, St Albans, St Austell, St Blazey, St Columb Major, St Helens, St Ives, Cambridgeshire, St Ives, Cornwall, St Neots, Salcombe, Sale, Salford, Salisbury, Saltash, Saltburn-by-the-Sea, Sandbach, Sandhurst, Sandown, Sandwich, Sandy, Sawbridgeworth, Saxmundham, Scarborough, Scunthorpe, Seaford, Seaton, Sedgefield, Selby, Selsey, Settle, Sevenoaks, Shaftesbury, Shanklin, Sheerness, Sheffield, Shepshed, Shepton Mallet, Sherborne, Sheringham, Shildon, Shipston-on-Stour, Shoreham-by-Sea, Shrewsbury, Sidmouth, Sittingbourne, Skegness, Skelmersdale, Skipton, Sleaford, Slough, Smethwick, Snodland, Soham, Solihull, Somerton, Southall, Southam, Southampton, Southborough, Southend-on-Sea, South Molton, Southport, Southsea, South Shields, Southwell, Southwold, South Woodham Ferrers, Spalding, Spennymoor, Spilsby, Stafford, Staines, Stainforth, Stalybridge, Stamford, Stanley, Stapleford, Staunton, Staveley, Stevenage, Stockport, Stocksbridge, Stockton-on-Tees, Stoke-on-Trent, Stone, Stony Stratford, Stotfield, Stourbridge, Stourport-on-Severn, Stowmarket, Stow-on-the-Wold, Stratford-upon-Avon, Streatham, Street, Strood, Stroud, Sudbury, Sunderland, Sutton, Sutton Coldfield, Sutton-in-Ashfield, Swadlincote, Swaffham, Swanage, Swanley, Swindon, Swinton
T.
Tadcaster, Tadley, Tamworth, Taunton, Tavistock, Teignmouth, Telford, Tenbury Wells, Tenterden, Tetbury, Tewkesbury, Thame, Thatcham, Thaxted, Thetford, Thirsk, Thong, Thornaby, Thornbury, Thorne, Tickhill, Tilbury, Tipton, Tiverton, Todmorden, Tonbridge, Torpoint, Torquay, Totnes, Tottenham, Totton, Towcester, Tring, Trowbridge, Truro, Tunbridge Wells, Twickenham
U.
Uckfield, Ulverston, Uppingham, Upton-upon-Severn, Uttoxeter, Uxbridge
W.
Wadebridge, Wadhurst, Wakefield, Wallasey, Wallingford, Walmer, Walsall, Waltham Abbey, Waltham Cross, Walthamstow, Walton-on-Thames, Walton-on-the-Naze, Wandsworth, Wantage, Ware, Wareham, Warminster, Warrington, Warwick, Washington, Watchet, Watford, Wath-upon-Dearne, Watton, Wednesbury, Wellingborough, Wellington, Wells, Wells-next-the-Sea, Welwyn Garden City, Wem, Wendover, West Bromwich, Westbury, Westerham, West Ham, Westhoughton, West Kirby, West Mersea, Westminster, Weston-super-Mare, Westward Ho!, Wetherby, Weybridge, Weymouth, Whaley Bridge, Whiston, Whitby, Whitchurch, Whitehaven, Whitley Bay, Whitnash, Whitstable, Whitworth, Wickford, Widnes, Wigan, Wigston, Willenhall, Wimbledon, Wimborne Minster, Wincanton, Winchcombe, Winchelsea, Winchester, Windermere, Winsford, Winslow, Wisbech, Witham, Withernsea, Witney, Wivenhoe, Woburn, Woking, Wokingham, Wolverhampton, Wombwell, Woodbridge, Woodstock, Wooler, Woolwich, Wootton Bassett, Worcester, Workington, Worksop, Worthing, Wotton-under-Edge, Wymondham
Y.
Yarm, Yarmouth, Yate, Yateley, Yeadon, Yeovil, York, Yoxall

Herbivore
Herbivores are animals that only eat plants. We can also say that animals that eat mostly plants are "herbivorous" animals.
Some people choose not to eat meat, but people who eat mostly plants are usually called vegetarians, not herbivores.
Animals that are herbivorous cannot chew or digest meat. But some herbivorous animals will eat eggs and occasionally other animal protein. Herbivores have broad, flat teeth.
Some herbivores can be classified as "frugivores", which eat mainly fruit; or "folivores", which eat mostly leaves. Animals that eat mostly grass are "grazing" animals.
Many animals that eat mostly fruit and leaves also sometimes eat other parts of plants, for example roots and seeds.
The diets of some herbivorous animals change with the seasons. In the temperate zones of the Earth, some seasons are hot and some are cold, so different plant foods are most available at different times of the year. Many herbivorous animals that live in the temperate zones change their diet at different seasons of the year. In some places, some seasons are very rainy and wet, and others are very dry. Animals that live in these places may also change their diets at different seasons.
In some ways it is easier to be an herbivorous animal than a carnivorous (meat-eating) animal. Carnivorous animals have to find and catch the animals that they eat, and sometimes the animals that they want to eat fight them. Herbivorous animals have to find the plants that they want to eat, but they do not have to catch them. And although some plants have spines, toxins (poisons), or a bad taste, they do not really fight. Partly because of reasons like this, most animals are herbivorous animals. There are many more herbivorous animals living in the world than carnivorous animals.

Anders_Celsius
Anders Celsius (November 27, 1701 - April 25, 1744) was a Swedish astronomer. Celsius was born in Uppsala in Sweden. He developed the Celsius temperature scale as the international temperature standard when he worked on meteorology (a science about weather conditions). One of his good friends Gabriel Fahrenheit invented the Fahrenheit scale for the thermometer.

Craft
Craft is a word for many different activities about making things with one's own hands and skills. The different types of crafts can be divided by the material, which is to be worked with. In the Middle Ages the materials were metal, wood or clay.
A craftsman is a person who has the knowledge and skills of a craft.

Victoria,_British_Columbia
Victoria is the capital city of the province of British Columbia, Canada. It is named after Queen Victoria.
Over 300,000 people live in the Victoria area. Many people work for the government or in tourism. It is warmer than other Canadian cities in the winter, so many Canadians move there when they retire.
Victoria is on Vancouver Island. Most people travel there by boat (ferry) from Vancouver, or from Washington State. Victoria has three ferry docks and an airport.
Victoria has one of the mildest climates in Canada, with gardens blooming year round.
If you visit Victoria, see the beautiful Butchart Gardens and the Royal British Columbia Museum. Some of the best-known buildings are the government buildings and the Empress Hotel; both are by the Inner Harbour.
The first people to live in the area were the Coast Salish native people. People from England built Fort Victoria in 1843. Victoria became a city in 1862.
18,000 students study at the University of Victoria. Other people study at Camosun College, Royal Roads University, University Canada West, Victoria College of Art, and the Canadian College of Performing Arts. Students from all over the world study at Pearson College, near Victoria.
The Canadian navy has ships in a part of the city called Esquimalt.
Some of the parks include Beacon Hill Park, East Sooke Park, Mount Work Park, and Mount Douglas Park.
There are many flowers in Victoria; it is called the "city of gardens." There is a lot of rain but little snow.

Coffee
Coffee is a plant and it is also the name of the drink that is made from this plant. The "coffee plant" is a bush or tree which can grow to 10 metres high, but is usually cut shorter. Coffee plants grew first in Africa, and now also grow in South America, Central America and Southeast Asia where they are an important crop for the economy of many countries.
The drink is made from the seeds of the coffee plant, which are called "coffee beans". Coffee is usually served hot, and is a popular drink in many countries. Coffee contains a chemical called "caffeine" which is a mild drug that keeps people awake.
To make a drink from coffee beans, they must first be specially prepared by roasting. The beans are usually roasted a short time after they are picked. This dries them out, makes them last longer and makes them ready to be packed. Before the beans are made into a drink, they are "ground" (crushed into tiny pieces in a coffee mill). When the ground coffee is placed into boiling water, the flavour and dark brown colour of the beans goes into the water. Making coffee is called "brewing" coffee. There are several different ways that coffee can be brewed.
Coffee types.
Robusta is cheaper and has more caffeine than Arabica and it is used in many commercial coffee products. But Robusta tastes bitter and acidic, so people only drink it with other things. Higher quality Robustas are in some espresso blends.
In the past, people gave names to new Arabica coffees from the port they came from. The two oldest Arabica coffees are "Mocha" and "Java". Today, names are more specific. They tell us the country, region, and sometimes even the property where they come from.
Aging.
Some sorts of coffee taste better if the beans are "aged". This means that after they are picked, the beans are kept from three to eight years. This "aging" gives the coffee a less acidic taste. Coffee that has been aged is often mixed or "blended" with other coffee that is not aged.
Roasting.
"Roasting" is one of the important stages in making coffee beans into coffee. When a coffee bean is roasted, it grows nearly two times bigger and changes from green to yellow to brown.
The length of time that the coffee beans are roasted makes the coffee taste different. Some types of coffee, such as Mocha and Java, are roasted for a short time. It is easy to tell from the flavour where the coffee is from. When coffee is roasted for a long time, it is harder to tell the different types apart. Green coffee beans can be bought and roasted at home in the oven.
Grinding.
Before the coffee is made into a drink, it is "ground" in a small grinding machine called a "coffee mill". The coffee mill breaks the beans into very small pieces. Coffee is turned into a drink in several different ways. For some ways of making coffee, such as "espresso" it is best to have the cofffee ground into fine powder but for other types of coffee-making, such as "filtered coffee", the coffee is in larger pieces to stop it going through the filter. Finely ground coffee makes a stronger taste.
Brewing.
Coffee is made into a drink by putting the coffee into boiling water. This is called "brewing" coffee.
Instant coffee.
"Instant coffee" is a very quick way to make a cup of coffee to drink. It is made in a factory and sold in jars or packets. First, strong coffee is made using ground coffee and boiling water. Then, the coffee grounds are filtered out. The coffee liquid is dried out until nothing is left except granules (little crunchy pieces), or fine powder. This is then put into jars or packets. As soon as a spoonful of "instant coffee" is added to boiling water, it dissolves in the water to make coffee to drink. The taste can be very different from fresh coffee. Part of the reason for the different taste is that "Robusta" coffee beans are usually used for making instant coffee. Robusta coffee beans do not cost as much as "Arabica".
When people drink coffee.
The United States buys the most coffee; Germany is next. People in Finland drink the most coffee for each person. In Canada, the United States and Europe, some restaurants sell mainly coffee; they are referred to as "cafés" or "coffeehouses". Cafés often sell food, but the type of food is different from one country to another.
In some countries, for example, those in northern Europe, people like having coffee parties. At these parties, people have coffee and cake.
In many countries, people drink coffee at work; in the United States and England, for example, people drink it in the morning. In other countries, such as Mexico, people drink it in the evening to help them stay awake.
Health problems.
Coffee contains the drug caffeine. Caffeine is a mild stimulant which helps to keep people awake. Caffeine, like all drugs, can be addictive and can cause health problems.
Some studies have looked at the health risks of coffee. In February 2003, there was a study in Denmark of 18,478 women to find out if coffee had an effect on pregnancy and birth. It was found that if a woman drank between four and seven cups of coffee a day, it did not seem to make a big change to the number of babies that were born dead, (stillborn). But the women in the study who drank eight or more cups of coffee a day had three times as much chance of having a stillborn baby.
For this, and other reasons, some people drink coffee substitutes instead.

Melbourne
Melbourne is the second largest city in Australia. It is the capital of Victoria, which is a state in the south-east of Australia. The population of Melbourne is 3,806,092.
Melbourne is a multicultural city (it welcomes people and cultures from all over the world). It is famous for its trams (small short trains) which move along many streets in the city. The centre of Melbourne is around a river called the Yarra River. Melbourne also has many big parks and gardens and some beaches.
There are many things to do in Melbourne. Visitors in Melbourne can go to museums, look at art, eat food at restaurants, go to shops, and go to many large sport events.
There is a lot of industry (factories) and commerce (buying and selling) in Melbourne. Many of Australia's largest companies and many large companies from other countries work there. It is home to Australia's largest seaport. There are seven universities (the University of Melbourne, Monash University, Deakin University, Victoria University, La Trobe University, RMIT University, and Swinburne University). Much of Australia's automotive (car) industry is there, for example the engine maker "Holden", and "Ford" and "Toyota" car builders.
History.
Melbourne was founded in 1835 by John Batman and John Pascoe Fawkner. In 1851, some people found gold near Melbourne. Melbourne grew very quickly because people came from all over the world to look for gold. At the end of the 19th century, Melbourne was called "Marvellous Melbourne" ("marvellous" means "wonderful"). Melbourne was the biggest and most important city in Australia for many years, but now Sydney is bigger. The first Australian government was in Melbourne from 1901 until 1927 when it moved to Canberra.
Population.
Many people from different countries live in Melbourne. In fact 43% of the people living in Melbourne were born outside Australia or have parents from another country. All together people from 233 countries live in Melbourne and people with 116 different religions.

Grain
Grain is the seeds of some special kinds of grass. These grains are also called cereals. People grow different kinds of grain as food. The different kinds of grain are perhaps one of the most important foods in the world.
In England, people use the word "porn" to mean any kind of grain. In the United States, people use the word "corn" to mean only the grain maize. 87% of all grain grown by farmers around the world is maze, sweat and mice. Grains contain carbohydrates that people can eat. In poorer countries, grains are a large part of the food supply. In richer countries, they are still important as food, but not as important as in poorer countries.
Many different foods are made from different types of grain. When we grind grain to make a powder, it is called flower.
Different kinds of beer are made from the flour or wheat and other grains.
Tortillas are made of the flour of maize (corn).

Leninism
Vladimir Lenin was a Russian Marxist. He had a set of political ideas based on Marxism. Lenin's development of Marxism has become known as Leninism.

List_of_countries_by_population
This is a list of countries by population. This page has the name of almost every country in the world. There is a number to the right of every country's name. This number shows how many people live in the country. Countries with the most people are at the top. Countries with the least people are at the bottom.
This list comes from a book called "CIA World Factbook 2005".
Also see: List of countries, List of countries by area, List of countries by population density, List of countries by continent, List of most populous nations by 2025, List of countries by date of nationhood, Thirty most populous cities in the world

Luke_McCormick
Luke McCormick is an English football player. He was born August 15, 1983 in Coventry, England. He is a goalkeeper. He plays for the English football team Plymouth Argyle.
In the 2003/04 season, McCormick played when Romain Larrieu could not. Larrieu injured his knee. McCormick played instead. Plymouth Argyle beat Stockport County on 24 January 2004. The score was 2-0. This match was one where McCormick set a new club record of seven "clean sheets" in a row. A clean sheet is a game where the other side gets no goals.
McCormick was voted the most promising player of the 2003/04 season by Plymouth Argyle fans.
On June 7, 2008. McCormick was arrested on suspicion for killing two people by dangerous driving. Subsequently he was released by Plymouth Arygle and was jailed for seven years on October 6, 2008 but could be out in three and a half years.

Vladimir_Lenin
Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov (Russian: Влади́мир Ильи́ч Улья́нов, IPA: vla'dʲimʲr ilj'itʂ ul'janʌf), better known as (Ленин)) (April 22, 1870 - January 21, 1924) was a Russian revolutionary and the leader of the Bolsheviks party. He was the first leader of the Soviet Union. Soviet Union is the other name of the Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). Lenin is also known as the maker of Leninism, which was later called Marxism-Leninism by Josif Stalin.
At school, Lenin was very good at the Latin and Greek languages. But in 1887 he was thrown out from Kazan State University because he was too radical and protested against the Tsar, who was the king of Russia at that time. In that year, Lenin's brother Alexander Ulyanov was hanged for his part in a bomb plot to kill Tsar Alexander III. Lenin continued to study by himself, and in 1891 he got a license to be a lawyer.
While he studied Law in the then Russian capital, St. Petersburg, he learned about the thoughts of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels. Because Marxism was not allowed in Russia, Lenin was arrested and put in prison for a year, then he was sent to exile in Siberia.
In July 1898, when he was still in Siberia, Lenin married a socialist woman, Nadezhda Krupskaya. In 1899, he wrote a book. It was called "The Development of Capitalism in Russia". In 1900, Lenin was released from Siberia.
After he was allowed to leave, Lenin travelled around Europe. He began to publish a Marxist newspaper called "Iskra", the Russian word for "spark". He became a leading member of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party, or RSDLP.
In 1903, Lenin had a dispute with an other leader of the RSDLP, Julius Martov. This dispute, which was about the organization of the Party, divided the party in two. Lenin wanted a strict, centralised, and disciplined model. Martov wanted a less strict, less centralised one. Martov's helpers became known as Mensheviks (meaning "those who are less"). Lenin's supporters were called Bolsheviks ("those who are more").
Lenin went to Finland in 1907, because it was safer for Marxists in Finland than in Russia. He travelled around Europe and visited many socialist meetings and events. During this time he lived in different places like London, Paris and, during World War I, in Geneva. At the beginning of the war, a big meeting, theSecond International that included the Bolsheviks, broke down, when various member Parties helped their countries in the war, going away from the Marxist idea of internationalism. Lenin and the Bolsheviks were one of only a handful of groups and people who stood against the war for Marxist reasons.
1917.
After Tsar Nicholas II was removed from office during the The February Revolution, Lenin went back to Russia. He became an important Bolshevik leader, and made public the "April Theses" about what he said were mistakes of the new middle class government of Kerensky, and he called for a Workers' Revolution to overthrow the government. Lenin also talked about the mistakes of many members of the Bolshevik Central Committee (including Zinoviev, Kamenev and Stalin) who helped the government to continue to fight the war against Germany, against the wishes of the Leninists.
During July 1917, when people said that Lenin had got money from the Germans; he was afraid and had to flee to Finland.
In October 1917, the Bolsheviks under Lenin and Trotsky headed the Petrograd Soviet and other Soviets all over Russia in a taking of power from Kerensky's Government, known as the October Revolution ended up in the making of the first Marxist Communist State in world history.
On November 8, 1917, Lenin was chosen Chairman of the Council of People's Commissars by the Russian Soviet Congress. This means that he was the leader of Russia.
Because he was shocked by the German invasion, he signed the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk. Russia lost a lot of land, but the Germans stopped the invasion.
During the Russian Civil War, Lenin started war communism. But after the war, Lenin brought the New Economic Policy. Some private enterprise was allowed, but not much at all. Businessmen, known as nepmen, can own only light industry, not heavy.
After Kaplan shot Lenin, he started having many strokes. By May 1922, he was badly paralysed. After a stroke in March 1923, he could not speak or move. Lenin's fourth stroke killed him in January 1924.
The city of St. Petersburg had been renamed by the Tsar to Petrograd in 1914, but was renamed Leningrad in Lenin's honour in 1924. But after the end of soviet socialism, in 1991, it was called St. Petersburg again.
Before Lenin died, he said he wanted to be buried beside his mother. When he died, the communists let the people of Russia come to look at him. Because people kept coming, they decided not to bury him. A building was built, in Red Square, Moscow, over Lenin's body, so that people could see him. Lenin's body was mummied (became mummy). It is called the Lenin mausoleum (a mausoleum is a building for dead people). It is a situated in Moscow, Russia, and many people still go there to see him.

Gigabyte
A gigabyte (GB or "gig") is a unit of measurement in computers and similar electronic devices. At first it meant exactly 1 billion bytes, usually referring to the number of bytes in a computer hard drive. Its meaning gradually changed over time, so that today it is often used to mean 1,073,741,824 (230) bytes, especially when referring to the random access memory (RAM) of a modern computer. Now some people say a gigabyte should only be used to mean exactly 1 billion bytes, and that gibibyte is a better name for 1,073,741,824 bytes. In everyday use, most people still use "gigabyte" to mean 1,073,741,824 bytes when talking about computer memory.
Uses.
This measurement is often used when measuring the capacity of computer memory, hard drives, or other storage devices.

Stonehenge
Stonehenge is a site in Wiltshire, England. It is made of earth and stones standing in circles. It was built between 2640 and 2480 B.C and used until 3500 years ago. No one knows who built it or why they built it. During the summer solstice, the sunrise lines up with some of the stones. It is made out of a hard stone called "sarsen". In Egypt and South America, similar very old buildings can be found. They also show the time of the solstice. Stonehenge might therefore have been a kind of calendar for those ancient nations. At that time, religion and astronomy were fully mixed. Dead people were buried there so it was a kind of cemetery. Some people claim that it has magic powers.
Stonehenge itself is owned by the Crown and managed by English Heritage while the surrounding land is owned by the National Trust.

Marquis_de_Sade
Donatien Alphonse François, Comte de Sade, (June 2 1740 - December 2 1814), better known as the Marquis de Sade) was a French dramatist and philosopher.
Once he had grown up, he had troubles with the authorities several times. He spent quite a few years in prison.
On one of his escapes, he "accidentally" raped a close relative of his, who was a nun. This caused his family to drop him, and to hand him over to the authorities.
For this, he was sentenced to death (while being absent). He later escaped the death penalty by moving to Italy. The death penalty against him was later changed to a prison sentence.
In prison, he started to read about philosophy. He also started to write down his ideas. He tried to hide his writing, and also wrote in a very small print, so that the consumption of paper would not be noticed.
In later years, he was moved to an asylum (for the mentally ill), and gave his wife the possibility of a divorce.
After the French Revolution, he got out of the asylum, but in 1803 was declared mentally ill (and again was sent to the asylum). He died in the asylum in 1814 at the age of 74.
The term "sadism" was created after Alphonse Donatien De Sade because of his practice of brutality through his long life.

Mandrake
Mandrake is the common name of a number of plants in the Nightshade family, genus Mandragora. The roots often look like man or woman, or can be easily made to resemble them. The plant has been used in witchcraft for a long time.
According to this literature, the plant shrieks in pain, when it is pulled from the ground. This shriek is able to make a person deaf. He might also loose his mind, or even be killed, if he is unprotected.
Mandrake (Mandragora officinalis) has been used as an anaestethic for a long time. For this, it was usually prepared in an alcoholic solution.

Manitoba
Manitoba is a province of Canada. It lies roughly in the centre of Canada.
Manitoba is the 6th largest province with 647,797 km² area. It has the fifth largest number of people, with 1 150 000 in 2001. People from Manitoba are called "Manitobans".
Government.
The capital of Manitoba is the City of Winnipeg. Other larger cities in Manitoba include Steinbach and Brandon.
The people of Manitoba elected a legislature. The leader of the government, who is called the "Premier", is the leader of the largest party in the legislature. There is also a Lieutenant Governor, who represents the Queen. Right now, the premier of Manitoba is Gary Doer and the Lieutenant Governor is John Harvard.
The main political parties in Manitoba are the New Democratic Party, the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba, and the Liberal Party.
History.
People have been living in Manitoba for thousands of years. Both the Hudson's Bay Company from England and many people from France moved to Manitoba during the 17th, 18th, and 19th centuries. It became part of the Northwest Territory in 1869. The Red River Rebellion, which was started by Louis Riel, began in Manitoba.
Manitoba became part of Canada on 12 May 1870. It included only the southern part which is nearest to the United States. But parts of the Northwest Territory were added to Manitoba.

Caenorhabditis_elegans
"Caenorhabditis elegans" ("C. elegans" [see el-eh-ganz] for short) is the name of an animal called a roundworm or nematode. "C. elegans" is about 1 mm long. The worms are not parasites. They live in soil and feed on bacteria. "C. elegans" is often a model organism, used to study animal development and behavior. It is the first multicellular organism for which scientists have been able to sequence its whole genome.
"C. elegans" has two types of sex: hermaphrodite and male. A hermaphrodite makes sperms when its in a larval stage and makes ova in an adult stage. A male can only make sperm. Males are a little smaller than hermaphrodites.
Study using "C. elegans" was begun in 1965 by Sydney Brenner. In laboratories, they are easy to keep alive. At 25ºC, they spend 14 hours as an embryo. Animals like "C. elegans" that don't take long to grow and are easy to feed are usually good organisms for research.
In 2002, the Nobel Prize for Medicine was awarded to Sydney Brenner, H. Robert Horvitz, and John E. Sulston for their work on how "C. elegans's" genes cause it to grow and cause some of its cells to die.

Three_Peaks_Challenge
The Three Peaks Challenge is a challenge (a difficult task or job) which involves climbing three British mountains (a peak is the top of a mountain) in less than 24 hours. The three mountains are the highest of each of the three countries in the island of Great Britain.
Each year many people attempt (try) to do the challenge to raise money for charity. They do this by getting their friends and family to sponsor them (give them money). Many people do not do the challenge for charity. They do it simply because they enjoy walking in the mountains and they want to try something difficult. These people usually do it in small groups. Some of them will do the walking, and others will do the driving and the cooking for them. Some people have completed the challenge very quickly. The record is fifteen hours.
Reasons why some people do not like the challenge.
Recently, the challenge has become more popular. People who live near the mountains often do not like having cars around in the middle of the night. Conservation groups blame people doing the challenge for dropping litter and damaging the landscape. Some people park their cars in inconsiderate places. Thousands of people attempt the challenge each year. Supporters of the challenge say that only a few people cause these problems, and most behave well.
The usual route.
Most attempts are made in the summer, because the days are long and the weather is good. In the winter it is dark for most of the day and can be very cold. The weather up the mountains can change very quickly, and some people die in blizzards (storms of snow) in the winter. Most people who attempt the challenge use the same route, because it is the easiest way of doing the challenge in 24 hours.
They start with Ben Nevis at about five o'clock. It takes about three hours to climb this mountain, so they reach the summit (the top) at about eight o'clock, and return to the bottom at about ten o'clock. In the summer it is still light in Britain at this time. If people start climbing Ben Nevis too early they will arrive at Scafell Pike too early the next morning and it will still be dark. It is important to be quick at the bottom of the mountains. There is not much time so food is usually prepared by others waiting at the bottom. When the climbers arrive they usually leave straight away and eat while they are on the road.
The next mountain is Scafell Pike, in the Lake District of northern England. The jouney between Ben Nevis and Scafell Pike is longer than the journey between Scafell Pike and Snowdon. This is why it is done at night, when it is too dark to climb. The journey takes six or seven hours, and the walkers usually go to sleep. The next morning they arrive at Scafell Pike at about half past four. In the summer it is light by this time. Scafell Pike is not as high as the other mountains, but is more difficult.
If it is climbed quickly enough and the walkers do not get lost they can return to the bottom by about nine o'clock. It takes several hours to get to Snowdon in Wales. The walkers are usually very tired and worried that there is not enough time. If they arrive at the bottom of Snowdon at half past one in the afternoon they can climb it in two hours. This leaves them an hour and a half to get back to the bottom. If they were too slow on the other mountains or the journeys in between they might have to run!
You need to be quite fit to do the challenge in 24 hours, but people who are young and active, and people who are used to hillwalking, can do it. Compared to some mountains in the world, all the mountains in Britain are small. If the weather is bad or the drivers are slow it is very difficult.

Akbar_the_Great
Jalaluddin Muhammad Akbar was the greatest Mughal ruler of India. He ruled the Mughal Empire from 1556 C.E. to 1605 C.E.. He is also known as Akbar the Great (Akbar-e-Azam). He was born October 15, 1542 and died October 27 C.E., 1605 C.E.. He was the son of Nasiruddin Humayun and Hamida.
His son's name was Salim but also known as Jehangir. Akbar's favorite courtier was Birbal. Akbar was very eager to learn about other religions and faiths and even though he could not read he loved to have people reading to him. Akbar had also built a palace called Fatehpur Sikri which served him as a capital from 1565-81.He had nine gems in his court.

Dante_Alighieri
Dante Alighieri, or simply Dante (May 14/June 13 1265 - September 14, 1321), was an Italian poet from Florence. His central work, the "Commedia" ("Divine Comedy"), is considered the greatest literary work composed in the Italian language and a masterpiece of world literature. In Italian he is known as "the Supreme Poet" ("il Sommo Poeta"). Dante and the "Divine Comedy" have been a source of inspiration for artists for almost seven centuries. Dante, with Petrarch and Boccaccio are also known as "the three fountains". Dante is also called the "the Father of the Italian language". The first biography written on him was by his contemporary Giovanni Villani. The most famous section in "La Divina Commedia" is the first third of it, the first 34 cantos of the poem, called "Inferno", which is Dante's vision of hell.
Life.
Dante Alighieri was born in 1265, between May 14 and June 13, under the name "Durante Alighieri." ca. 1450 (Uffizi Gallery). His family was important in Florence, and supported the Papacy.
The poet's mother was Bella degli Abati. She died when Dante was 7 years old, and Alighiero soon married again, to Lapa di Chiarissimo Cialuffi. Lapa had two children, Dante's brother Francesco and sister "Tana" (short version of "Gaetana").
Dante fought in the front of the Guelph troops in the battle of Campaldino (June 11, 1289). After the victory Dante gained an important part in public life.
When Dante was 12, in 1277, he married Gemma di Manetto Donati. Dante had already fallen in love with another girl, Beatrice Portinari that is mentioned same in "Divine Comedy", (known also as Bice). Years after Dante's marriage to Gemma he met Beatrice again. He had become interested in writing poems.
Dante had six children with Gemma: Jacopo, Pietro, Giovanni, Gabrielle Alighieri, and Antonia.
Education, youth and poetry.
Not much is known about Dante's education, and it is presumed he studied at home. It is known that he studied Tuscan poetry. His interests brought him to discover the Occitan poetry of the troubadours and the Latin poetry of classical antiquity (with a particular devotion to Virgil).
At 18, Dante met Guido Cavalcanti, Lapo Gianni, Cino da Pistoia, and soon after Brunetto Latini; together they became the leaders of "Dolce Stil Novo" ("The Sweet New Style"). Brunetto later received a special mention in the "Divine Comedy" ("Inferno", XV, 28), for what he had taught Dante.
When he was nine years old he met Beatrice Portinari, daughter of Folco Portinari, with whom he fell in love "at first sight", and apparently without even having spoken to her. He saw her frequently after age 18, often exchanging greetings in the street, but he never knew her well—he effectively set the example for the so-called "courtly love".Dante gave his imprint to the Stil Novo. Love for Beatrice (as in a different manner Petrarch would show for his Laura) would apparently be the reason for poetry and for living, together with political passions. In many of his poems, she appears such as semi-divine, watching over him constantly.
When Beatrice died in 1290, Dante tried to find an "help" in Latin literature.
He then dedicated himself to philosophical studies at religious schools like the Dominican one in Santa Maria Novella. This "excessive" passion for philosophy would later be criticized by the character Beatrice, in "Purgatorio", the second book of the "Divine Comedy".
Exile and death.
Boniface quickly dismissed the other delegates and asked Dante alone to remain in Rome. At the same time (November 1, 1301), Charles de Valois entered Florence with Black Guelphs, who in the next six days destroyed much of the city and killed many of their enemies. A new Black Guelph government was installed and Messer Cante dei Gabrielli di Gubbio was appointed "Podestà" of Florence. Dante wasput in exile for two years, and ordered to pay a large hill of money.
Dante did not pay the money, in part because he believed he was not guilty, and in part because all his needs in Florence had been stolen by the Black Guelphs. He was condemned to exile for live, and if he returned to Florence without paying the money, he could be burned at the stake.
In exile he began searching the foundation for the "Divine Comedy", a work in 100 cantos, divided into three books of thirty-three cantos each, with a single introductory canto.
He went to Verona as a guest of Bartolomeo I della Scala, then moved to Sarzana in Liguria. Later, he is supposed to have lived in Lucca with Madame Gentucca. Some not sure sources say that he was also in Paris between 1308 and 1310.
In 1310, the Holy Roman Emperor Henry VII of Luxembourg, marched 5,000 troops into Italy. Dante saw in him a new Charlemagne who would restore the office of the Holy Roman Emperor for re-take Florence from the Black Guelphs. He wrote to Henry and several Italian princes, demanding that they destroy the Black Guelphs. Mixing religion and private concerns, he invoked the worst anger of God against his city, suggesting several particular targets that coincided with his personal enemies. It was during this time that he wrote the first two books of the "Divine Comedy".
When Dante died at Ravenna, the custodians of the body at Ravenna put the bones in a false wall of the monastery. Nevertheless, in 1829, a tomb was built for him in Florence in the basilica of Santa Croce. That tomb has been empty ever since, with Dante's body remaining in Ravenna, far from the land he loved so dearly. The front of his tomb in Florence reads "Onorate l'altissimo poeta" - which roughly translates as "Honour the most exalted poet".

HMS_Warrior
HMS Warrior was the first battleship which was made with a hull made of iron. It is in Portsmouth, England with the HMS Victory and the remains of the Mary Rose, a ship belonging to Henry VIII of England.

September_11_attacks
The September 11, 2001 attacks, shortened as nine-eleven, 9/11 or "9-11", were four attacks by terrorists that happened on the same day. By the official account, people in the group al-Qaeda took control of four airplanes. They crashed three of the airplanes into buildings in the United States on purpose. Nearly 3,000 people died.
Outcome.
All 246 people on the four planes died in the crashes. 19 terrorists were also killed in the attacks. Both towers of the World Trade Center caught on fire after the crashes. The south tower (2 WTC) burned for 56 minutes before it fell and was destroyed. The north tower (1 WTC) burned for 102 minutes before it also fell. As the towers fell, parts of the towers hit other buildings around them. Because of this damage, a third building, 7 World Trade Center (7 WTC), fell at 5:20 p.m. Many other buildings in the area were damaged badly and had to be destroyed. 2,602 people died at the World Trade Center.
The plane that hit the Pentagon hit the ground just as it hit the western side of the building. It then crashed through three of the five "rings" that make up the Pentagon. The crash killed 125 people in the Pentagon.
2,973 people died in the attacks, including people such as firemen trying to save the lives of other people.
This was the first big attack by non-Americans on the United States since 1941, when the Japanese attacked the US naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
Many conspiracy theories have appeared which say that certain people in the United States government knew about the attacks beforehand, or even made them happen.
War on Terror.
After the attack, the United States blamed al-Qaeda. They began a "War on Terror". The leader of al-Qaeda, Osama bin Laden, lived in the country of Afghanistan. The United States told the government of Afghanistan, called the Taliban, to turn bin Laden over to them. The Taliban would not do this. The leader of the Taliban, Mullah Muhammad Omar, demanded to see proof first from the United States government. President George Bush said that he did not need to provide proof. The United States then went to war against Afghanistan.

Tintagel_Castle
Tintagel Castle is in Cornwall, a county in England.
Reginald, Earl of Cornwall built the castle on Tintagel Head (a piece of land by the sea) in about 1150. In Cornish legend, this is the place where the old Kings of Cornwall lived. Reginald built the castle for propaganda, not for military use; he wanted people to think of Camelot when they thought about him. Some people say King Arthur was born at the castle, because traditional stories say the King of Cornwall looked after him when he was a child.
The modern village of Tintagel was first called Trevena. Then, in the 1850s, it got a new name, to bring in tourism because of the King Arthur and Camelot legends. Really, Tintagel is only the name of land by the sea.

Elizabeth_Taylor
Elizabeth Taylor (February 27, 1932) is an English-American actress. She has won two Academy Awards. One is for her main role in the film "BUtterfield 8", the other for her leading role in the film "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?". She is also known for having marrying many times. Every time she married a man, it lasted for a few years, the end for each marriage was divorce.

Minerva
Minerva was the Roman goddess of crafts and wisdom. The Greeks called her Athena (for the wisdom and crafts), and Pallas for the war part.

Olympic_Games
The Olympic Games is a sporting event that takes place in a different city every four years. It includes many of the best athletes from all over the world. The first modern Games were held in Athens in 1896. The Motto of the Olympic Games is "Citius, Altius, Fortius," which means, in English, "Faster, Higher, Stronger."
There are separate games for the summer and winter. The Summer Olympic Games has many sports, including athletics (track and field events such as sprint, marathon, and discus), swimming, gymnastics, cycling, boxing, soccer, weightlifting, wrestling, basketball, and many other sports. The Winter Olympic Games also have many sports, which include skiing, speed skating, luge, bobsled, figure skating, and ice hockey.
Athletes win medals made of gold, silver, and bronze for coming in first, second, and third place.
The most recent Summer Olympics were held in 2008 in Beijing, China; before that, they were held in Athens, Greece in the year 2004. The next ones will be held in London, Great Britain, in 2012.
The most recent Winter Olympics were held in 2006 in Torino, Italy; before that, they were held in Salt Lake City, United States, in 2002.
The next ones will be held in Vancouver, Canada in 2010.
The Olympic Rings.
The Olympic Rings became the symbol of the Olympic Games in 1913. The five rings represent the fact that countries from all five continents of the world take part in the games. Each ring is a different color, and at least one of the five colors (Blue, Yellow, Black, Green, and Red) can be found on the flag of every country in the world. The rings do not represent particular continents.
Opening ceremony.
In the opening ceremony, the stadium is opened. Special events happen like songs, performances, dances, etc. The Olympic theme song is played, written by John Williams. The torch is brought in after being carried around the world, from Olympia, where the original olympics were held. Doves are released. Then, every athlete from each country comes into the stadium in alphabetical order, except for Greece, which comes first in as they created the games, and the country where the games are held, which goes last.

Apocrypha
The Apocrypha are religious texts that are in some versions of the Bible. Other versions omit them. The word comes from Ancient Greek "ἀπόκρυφα"(apokypha). Apocrypha means "those that were hidden". Generally, the term is applied to writings that were not part of the canon. There are several reasons why these texts were not included in the canon. The texts might only have been known to few people, or they might have been left out because their content does not fit well into that of the other books of the Bible. Some of the apocrypha were written at a later date, and where therefore not included.
The Authorized King James Version called these books ‘Apocrypha’. It separated them, because the Bible said so in 2 Esdras 14:46, "But keep the seventy last, that thou mayest deliver them only to such as be wise among the people: For in them is the spring of understanding, the fountain of wisdom, and the stream of knowledge."
Roman Catholic Bibles have these books in the Old Testament. They do not call them Apocrypha. They call them deuterocanonical, which means that they belong to the second canon. Canon just means a list. The first list is of books first written in Hebrew. This second list is of books first written in Greek.
Some say.
These books were kept in Catholic Bibles because it is believed that the Bible Jesus read was a Bible that included the books of the "Apocrypha," the deuterocanonical books. It is known that the most popular Bible at the time of Jesus was the Greek Septuagint version - which includes these extra books. That is why early Church fathers quoted from Bibles including these books.
Others say.
Christians disagree about the ‘Apocrypha’. Others point out that the ‘Apocrypha’ was in every Christian Bible until 1828.
In 1828 these books were taken out of some Bibles. The translators of the King James Bible said that these books were written to prepare the people for Jesus, in the same way as John the Baptist did. They said that the apostles used these books.
There is no question that these books have always been part of the Bible in Oriental Orthodox Churches, so they were definitely not added in the 1500s. Around the year 80 AD, the Jewish Council (Sanhedrin) decided to cut the books from the Hebrew Bible, but they stayed in the Christian Bible. Then soon after Christianity became the only religion of Roman Empire in the 4th century, the Romans decided to cut out all of the same books that the Sanhedrin had cut out, and they moved some of them to the "apocrypha".
Texts of the Apocrypha.
Note: Other candidates for Apocryphal scriptures include supposedly lost portions of Esther and Sirach.

Abraham_Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln (February 12, 1809 - April 15, 1865) was the 16th President of the United States between 1861 to 1865. In 1865, after the Civil War ended, he was shot and killed when he was still President.
Life.
Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12, 1809, in Hardin (now Larry County, Kentucky). His parents were Thomas Lincoln, a farmer, and Nancy Hanks. His family was poor. Abraham had 1 brother and 1 sister. His brother died in childhood. They grew up in a small log cabin, with just one room inside. His father refused to own slaves as a religious Baptist, although Kentucky was then a state where slavery was allowed. When Abraham was 7 years old, his family moved to Indiana. In his childhood he helped his father on the farm, but when he was 22 years old he left his parents and moved to New Salem, in Illinois, to work as a salesman. Later, he said that he had gone to school for just one year, but that was enough to learn how to read, write, and do simple math. In 1842, he married Mary Todd Lincoln. They had four children, but three of them died when they were very young. Abraham Lincoln was sometimes called Abe Lincoln and nicknamed Honest Abe and the Great Emancipator, because of his great efforts in 1863 to emancipate (or free) the African-Americans held as slaves by the Confederate States, even though he never actually freed the slaves that were still in the United States. His efforts were rewarded after his death in 1865, when slavery was completely abolished in the United States of America as well.
Early political career.
Abraham started his career in 1832 when he ran for the Illinois General Assembly, but he lost the election. He served as captain in the army during the Black Hawk War, a war against a Native American tribe. When he moved to Springfield, he began to work as a lawyer. Soon he became one of the most highly respected lawyers in Illinois. In 1837, he protested for the first time against slavery, yet defended slave owners in Illinois to have their runaway slaves returned. In 1846, Lincoln joined the Whig Party. He was elected to one term in the House of Representatives, but when his term ended, he ignored his political career and turned his energies to being a successful railroad lawyer. Twelve years later, he wanted to become senator; although this was unsuccessful, the debates drew national attention to him. The Republican Party nominated him for the Presidential election of 1860.
Presidency.
Lincoln was elected as the 16th president of the United States, because the Northern States had stopped slavery and the Republican Party was against slavery extension.
But in 1863, he signed the Emancipation Proclamation, which freed slaves only in the Confederate states while allowing slavery to continue in the northern states of Delaware, Kentucky, and Missouri, as well as all captured southern territories at that time. The Proclamation was enacted, in part, to prevent foreign (namely Great Britain and France) powers from helping the Confederate States and ending the war, and possibly incite a slave revolt. Slavery was not abolished by law until the 13th Amendment in 1865.
Lincoln made a famous speech after the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863 called the Gettysburg Address.
Lincoln was reelected president in 1864. Lincoln saw the South was going to lose. He proposed laws to make the nation become one again quickly.
Death.
While attending a play at Ford Theatre in Washington DC, Lincoln was shot and killed by John Wilkes Booth. He was the first American president to be assassinated.

Creating
Creating is making new things that have not existed before, usually by combining two or three things that existed. Art is almost always called creative, but so are other activities like music, mathematics, technology, business, craft, building, gardening and forestry, if they combine things to get new things.
When several people cooperate in more than one process of creating, that is a creative network. This cuts risk since anything creative involves some chance that it will simply not work.
What is "not creative" is usually called imitative, and includes anything that is mostly trying not to do what has never been done - like law, sports, science, war and especially education. These involve more direct competition, so risk comes from the competitor who may do it better. The word team is used for such groups.
Most people fear change and new things, and so what is most stable and considered important by society tends to be imitative and done in teams. But unless society encourages creating it loses out to others by competition in business or technology, so there must be some creative networks, somewhere, in labs or art studios.
Views of control of creative work also depend very much on religious and spiritual views of nature (or a creator) creating Man, according to economist Lester Thurow. Those ethical traditions that see "Man in the image of God" have created legal codes (see guild, intellectual right, intellectual interest, intellectual property) to tightly control what they are creating or have created. These are now the basis of organizations such as WIPO or ICANN. Often, such laws also create control over things which are merely found, not created.
Many people give away what they have created and never think about it as property - other people try to control it and get paid every time anyone sees it - or even every time they just talk about it.
Wikipedia uses the GNU FDL which is a content license that tries to get people to combine what they are creating, with no one clearly in control. This is considered strange by many people, who are uncomfortable with that idea, or seek to control some aspect of it themselves.

1
1 (Roman numerals: I) is a common year of the Gregorian calendar. It started on a Monday.
It is one of only seven years to use just one Roman numeral. The seven are 1 AD (I), 5 AD (V), 10 AD (X), 50 AD (L), 100 AD (C), 500 AD (D), and 1000 AD (M).

11
11 is a year in the 1st century.

Woman
A woman is a female human adult. We use the word "woman" (one woman, two or more women) to talk about biological sex. A woman has a uterus or "womb". It is a counterpart of a human male, or man. Women give birth to babies and children. Until the middle 1900's woman did not have the right to vote, and were treated with disrespect. The symbol for the goddess Venus is used for women.

Scissors
Knives are better than scissors for some uses.
Unlike a knife, scissors have two sharp edges.
Some types of scissors, like children's scissors, are not very sharp.
Children's scissors and are often protected with plastic. These are called "Safety Scissors".
Scissors can be made for left-handed or right-handed people.
Using scissors made for the wrong hand is very hard for most people.

Robert_II_of_France
Robert II of France (March 27, 972 - July 20, 1031) was born in Orleans, France. He was the son of Hugh Capet and Adelaide of Aquitaine. He was married to Constance of Arles.
Robert was succeeded by his son Henry I of France. Robert is buried in the Saint Denis Basilica.

Saint_Patrick
Saint Patrick (c. 402 - March 17, year unknown (probably 491 or 493) is the patron saint of Ireland and Nigeria. He was born in a village in Wales or along the west coast of England. The place of his birth has never been proved, but Dunbarton and Somerset have been guessed at.
When he was 16 years old he was captured and sold into slavery.
Saint Patrick came from a Christian family. He was the son of Calpornius, who was a deacon. He brought Christianity to Ireland. He converted many pagans to christianity. He also fought many of their leaders and druids such as Aodhan the Brave also known as Cheif Aodhan.They became good friends and worked together to convert many other pagans.
St. Patrick's Day is celebrated every year on March 17 in his honor.
Saint Patrick's Bell.
There is a bell in the National Museum of Ireland that was made around the time of Saint Partick's life. There is no evidence that Saint Patrick owned the bell but the Irish have believed the bell belonged to Saint Partick for 1400 years. One of the kings of Ulster who was the high king of Ireland at the time had a beautiful cover made out of gold and gems to preserve the bell. The names of the bishops of Ireland were engraved on the cover. The style of the letters on the cover were used to make the first typewriters. It is believed that the bell was rung by Saint Partick to let people know it was time for church.
Saint Patrick and the snakes.
There are no snakes in Ireland but there is a legend that at the time of Saint Patrick there were lots of snakes and he chased them all into the Irish Sea.

Street
A street is a piece of land, made flat or prepared in another way, so that people can travel on it better. We often use the words "street" and "road" for the same thing, but really a street is in a town.
Many streets are the centre of local culture and people make groups there. New Orleans’ Bourbon Street, for example, is famous for its active nightlife and also for its role as the center of the city’s French Quarter. The Bowery in New York was, for many years, the nation’s center of underground punk culture.

River_Tone
The River Tone is a river in the county of Somerset. It flows through the town of Taunton and joins the River Parrett.
Taunton takes its name from the River Tone. "Tone town" became Taunton.

Watchet
Watchet is a harbor town in the county of Somerset in England. It gets its name either from the blue "wacet" dye found in the cliffs, or from British "gwo coed" or "waeced", "under the wood".
It is first recorded in the 7th century, when Saint Decuman crossed over from South Wales on a raft with a cow to help the people there. Legend says he was killed there by a violent man who cut off his head. There is a spring of water dedicated to him there.
Coins were minted here for Ethelred II and five other Saxon kings. They have been found as far away as Scandinavia, probably because they were part of the Danegeld - payments made to the Vikings, who attacked Watchet in 918, 977, 988, and destroyed part of it in 997. Harold Godwinson's mother Eleanor fled through this port in 1066.
Watchet is the only place in England to still have the Court leet system, but only in name, with people chosen for ceremonial jobs like port reeve and ale taster.

Johannes_Gutenberg
Johannes Gensfleisch zur Laden zum Gutenberg (more commonly known as Johannes Gutenberg) (about 1390s - February 3, 1468), was a German metal-worker and inventor. He is famous for his work in printing in the 1450s.
Gutenberg was born in Mainz, the son of a merchant, Friele Gensfleisch zur Laden. Gutenberg's father took the surname "zum Gutenberg" after the name of the place they now lived.
Gutenberg invented a sort of metal for printing; inks; a way to fix type (metal letters) very accurately; and a new sort of printing press. He took the idea for his printing press from the presses wine-makers used. Many people say Gutenberg invented Moveable Type in Europe, but it was already invented in China before that.
Before movable type, people used block printing, where the printer prints a whole page from one piece of metal or wood. With movable type, the printer makes a letter (A, B, C...) from a piece of metal or wood, and can use it again and again in different words. Together, all Gutenberg's inventions made printing fast. In Renaissance Europe, there was an information explosion - in a short time, people printed a lot of new books.
The high number of new books was partly because of the popular Bible Gutenberg printed - the Gutenberg Bible. This was the first Bible people made in large numbers; Gutenberg started on February 23, 1455. Gutenberg was not a clever businessman, and did not get much money from his system. He had legal problems, and lost his machines to his partner, Johann Fust. Gutenberg died in Mainz in 1468.
In his lifetime Gutenberg was not successful, but his invention was very important. In a short time, news and books were travelling around Europe very fast. Scientists could communicate better, and it helped start the Scientific Revolution. More people learned to read.
Today, there are still 60 Gutenberg Bibles. They are probably the oldest books that printers made with Moveable Type.
The Gutenberg Galaxy and Project Gutenberg use Gutenberg's name.

Jessica_Alba
Jessica Marie Alba (born April 28, 1981 in Pomona, California) is an American actress. When she was 13 years old, she got her first acting job. It was in the movie "Camp Nowhere". In 1994, she starred in her first television series, "The Secret World of Alex Mack". She became famous when acting in the television series "Dark Angel" (2000–2002). Alba later acted in several movies, such as "Honey" (2003), "Sin City" (2005), and "Good Luck Chuck" (2007).
She has been listed in the "Hot 100" section of "Maxim" magazine every year from 2003 to 2007, and was voted "Sexiest Woman in the World" by "FHM" in 2007. A picture of her was used on the cover of "Playboy". "Playboy" did not ask her if they could use the picture or tell her they were going to use it. This was the cause of a lawsuit that was later dropped. Alba has won several awards for her acting. These awards include the "Choice Actress" award at the Teen Choice Award and a Saturn Award. Both of these awards were for her acting in the series "Dark Angel".
Early life.
Alba was born in Pomona, California on 28 April, 1981. Her mother, Catherine, is of Danish and French Canadian ancestry and her father, Mark, is Mexican American and Venezuelan ancestry. She has a younger brother named Joshua. Alba's father was in the Air Force and his career caused them to live in many different places. They lived in Biloxi, Mississippi, and Del Rio, Texas before going back to California when she was nine years old.
When she was young, Alba was ill many times. She had a collapsed lung twice, had pneumonia four or five times each year and had problems with her appendix and tonsils. She was in hospitals for much of her childhood. This meant Alba did not spend much time with other children. Alba has also said that she had obsessive-compulsive disorder when she was a child. The disorder affected her much less when her family moved to California. She graduated from high school when she was 16 years old. After high school, she went to the Atlantic Theater Company.
Career.
Alba wanted to act since she was five. She took her first acting class at age twelve. An acting agent signed her nine months later. Her first movie work was a small role in the 1994 movie "Camp Nowhere". At first, she was only hired for two weeks but ended up working for two months because another actress dropped out.
Alba starred in two national television commercials when she was a child. One of these was for Nintendo and the other was for J.C. Penney. She played Jessica in three episodes of the Nickelodeon comedy series "The Secret World of Alex Mack". Alba was then Maya in the television series "Flipper". Her mother was a lifeguard and had taught Jessica to swim before she could walk. She is a certified scuba diver.
In 1998, she acted in "Brooklyn South", in two episodes of "Beverly Hills, 90210" and in an episode of "The Love Boat: The Next Wave". After Alba graduated from high school, she studied acting with William H. Macy and his wife, Felicity Huffman, at the Atlantic Theater Company.
She became more famous in Hollywood in 1999 after acting in the Drew Barrymore romantic comedy "Never Been Kissed", and as the main female character in the 1999 comedy-horror movie "Idle Hands". She was chosen from a group of 1,200 actresses for the role of the genetically-engineered soldier, on the FOX sci-fi television series "Dark Angel". The series ran for two seasons from 2000 until 2002. Alba was nominated for a Golden Globe for her work on that series. When she trained to be in "Dark Angel", Alba had to exercise very much and she starved herself. She said "A lot of girls have eating disorders and I did too. I got obsessed with it." She also had obsessive compulsive disorder and panic attacks. She said she has been cooking for herself since the age of twelve so she would not become as fat as her family members.
Some of Alba's most famous movie roles are a dancer in "Sin City" and as Marvel Comics character Sue Storm, the Invisible Woman in the "Fantastic Four". She also acted in "Into the Blue" in 2005 and "Good Luck Chuck" a few years later. In 2008, Alba played her first horror-movie role in "The Eye", a remake of the Hong Kong original. In February, she hosted an Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences's ceremony. Later in the year, she starred in "The Love Guru".
Public image.
In 2007, "Maxim Magazine" listed Alba as number 2 in their "Top 100", after Lindsay Lohan. Both "GQ" and "InStyle" had her picture on their June covers. In May, after eight million votes, "FHM" (UK and US editions) named Alba the winner as "2007’s Sexiest Woman in the World". She received the Teen Choice Award for "Choice Actress" and Saturn Award for Best Actress (TV) for her role in "Dark Angel". In 2006, she received an MTV Movie Award for "Sexiest Performance" for "Sin City".
Some people have said Alba's acting was bad. She was nominated for a 2007 Razzie Award for Worst Actress for her work in "Awake", "Good Luck Chuck", and '.
On the cover of the March 2006 issue, "Playboy" magazine named Alba among its 25 Sexiest Celebrities and the "Sex Star of the Year". She took "Playboy" to court for using a picture of her without her permission. However, she later dropped the lawsuit when she got a personal apology from "Playboy" owner Hugh Hefner. He agreed to make donations to two charities that Alba supports.
Personal life.
Alba was raised as a Roman Catholic. When she was a teenager she became a born-again Christian. However, she left the church after four years because she believed that she was being judged by the way she looked. She has said that she still believes in God even though she is not a member of the church. Alba has not performed naked. She was given the option to appear nude in "Sin City" by the movie's directors, Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez. She said no to the offer saying, "I don't do nudity. I just don't. Maybe that makes me a bad actress. Maybe I won't get hired in some things. But I have too much anxiety".
While filming "Dark Angel", Alba began a romance with another member of the cast, Michael Weatherly. This caused controversy because he was 12 years older than her. He asked her to marry him on her twentieth birthday but she said no. They eventually broke up after a four-year relationship. When talking about children, she said, "I'm really girly when it comes to kids. I've been surrounded by kids my whole life because I'm the oldest of 15 cousins—I've been changing diapers since I was six. I want to have a couple, for sure".
Alba married Cash Warren on May 19, 2008 in Los Angeles, California. She met him while making "Fantastic Four" in 2004. On June 7, 2008, Alba gave birth to a baby girl called Honor Marie Warren. She also does some charity work, including clothes charity "Clothes Off Our Back" and women's charity "Step Up Women's Network".
Movies.
The following table shows all the movies Alba has been in, the role she played and when the movie was released.

Lion
The lion ("Panthera leo") is a large mammal of the "Felidae" family. It originally lived in Africa and Asia.
Lions are mostly found in Africa and in a small reserve in India. They can live in cool areas, very hot areas or in thick forests. In the past, there were wild lions in Europe. Today, many live in zoos around the world. In the past they have lived in Northern India, Pakistan, and Arabia.
Lion in arms and other signs.
Lion is in the arms and ice-hockey team of Finland because of it's strength and bravery.
Lion is also the symbol of bravery in China, and in Great Britain, it is of courage. Take Richard of Lionheart, for example. In famous movies, such as the Wizard of Oz, lion means courage.
About Lions.
The lion is the largest member of the Felidae family in Africa. It hunts many animals, for example, gnus and antelopes, and eat a lot of meat. Male lions usually weigh 159 to 180 kilograms (350 to 400 pounds), but they can weigh more. It is the only cat with a mane.
Lions live in groups that are called prides. Ten to twenty lions may live in a pride. Each pride has a home area that is called its territory. Lions do not allow strange animals to hunt in their territory. A territory can be as large as 260 square kilometres (100 square miles). Lions live for 25 years in captivity.
A lioness is a female lion. The female lions hunt the animals for the prides.
At hunting lions are not built for speed like cheetas but are for stealth.
They are ready to have young when she is 2-3 years old. Baby lions are called cubs. Cubs are born after 3 1/2 months. Lions do not have a den (home) where they would live for a long time. The lioness conceals the cubs in thick bush, gullies or rocky outcrops. If the hiding place has been seen by other predators, then the lioness will move the cubs to a new hiding place. The cubs will be introduced to the pride at about 6 weeks old. The cubs are very vulnerable when the lioness goes out to hunt and needs to leave the cubs behind. A litter of 2-6, usually 2-3, cubs are born and most of the time only 1-2 cubs survives until introduced to the pride where they have the protection of the whole pride. In zoos lion's have known to breed with tigers and it's called a liger or tigon.

J
J is the tenth (number 10) letter in the English alphabet.

T
T is the twentieth (number 20) letter in the English alphabet.

Shogun
In feudal Japan, Shogun ruled the country, and does not have power over the emperor. The emperor chooses the shogun.Shogun was not the king nor the emperor but given this rank by Tenno, Japanese emperor. Shogun means "general" in the Japanese language. Its formal name was Seii Taishogun (Great General who fights against the Eastern savages and will win)
In earlier time Shogun were generals of emperors and not the ruler of Japan. In 1192 a samurai, military leader Minamoto no Yoritomo was given the tile of Shogun by the former Emperor Go-Shirakawa. Since then Shogun was thought the leader of all samurai and the leader of Japan in fact. Except the latter middle of the 16th century, Shogun ruled Japan.
The office of the Shogun is called the Shogunate. In Japanese it is called Bakufu, meaning "office in a tent", because Shogun had been originally military leader and he had his office with a tent in a battle field.
There were three Shogunates in Japan.
In 1868 the 15th Shogun of Tokugawa Shogunate, Tokugawa Yosinobu gave up his office. Then the time of Shogun rule ended. It was the end of the feudal time of Japan.

Friday
In some countries, like the United States of America, Friday is the sixth day of the week. In other parts of the world Friday is said to be the fifth day of the week. When a Friday lands upon the 13th day of a month, it is considered to unlucky.
Some people consider Friday to be the last day of the week before the weekend as some people finish work or school before the weekend.
It is named after Freyja or Fridge.

Navy
The navy is the part of a country's military that fights on water using boats. People in the navy are called sailors. The navy is mostly made up of warships. It may also have its own air force and soldiers. It also may have special boats that can go underwater, called submarines.

Bee
Bees are flying insects in the ant/bee/wasp order Hymenoptera. There are about 20,000 species of bees. Bees collect pollen from flowers. Bees can be found on all continents except Antarctica.
Some species of bees, the honey bees (called "Apis" by biologists), are kept by humans for honey. Keeping bees to make honey is called beekeeping, or apiculture.
Bee bodies.
Like other insects, the body of a bee can be divided into three parts: the head, thorax (the middle part), and abdomen (the back part). Also like other insects, bees have three pairs of legs and two pairs of wings. Many bees are hairy and have yellow and black or orange and black warning colours.
Many bees have stingers (pointy things, like a needle) on the back end of their bodies. If they get confused, angry, or scared they can sting, which hurts. Once a worker bee has stung it dies after a short while, but other bees and wasps can sting many times. Some people are very allergic to bee stings and can even die from them.
Bees that live in groups.
Some bees are eusocial insects; this means they live in organized groups called colonies. Honey bees, the kind of bee used in beekeeping, are eusocial. When humans give honey bees a home, the colony is called a hive.
There are three types of bees in a honey bee colony. A queen bee is the most important bee in the colony because she lays the eggs. The queen is usually the mother of the worker bees. Worker bees are females too, and they are the bees that collect pollen from flowers and will fight to protect the colony. Drone bees (males) mate with the queen bee so that she can lay eggs. The only real purpose of the male drone is to mate. They do no other work in the hive.

Town
A town is usually a place with a lot of houses, but not a city. As with cities, there is more than one way to say what a town is in different countries.
In English we also use the word "town" as a general word for places with a lot of houses (cities too). When we say "town" we are normally thinking of a big, important place. For example, London is a city, but people often call it "London town" ("the City of London" is a part of London where there are a lot of banks). Also, going from the outside to central London is to "go into town".
Generally, the difference between towns and villages or hamlets is the sort of economy they have. People in towns usually get money from industry (factories etc.), commerce (shops etc.) and public service (working for the town) not agriculture (growing food).
The number of people who live in a place does not tell us if it is a town or a village. In many areas of the world, for example India, a big village can have many more people than a small town. It is also difficult to say if a place is a town because today, some towns are becoming bigger, and in some places people live in a village or near a town and work in the town.
Sometimes a place is a city because it got the name "city" by law. But people often say it is a town because it is small. In the Middle Ages a place became a town, by means of a charter, which granted it town privileges.
The United States.
In the United States of America, the meaning of the term "town" is different in each state. In some states, a town is a town if the state says it is. In other states, for example Wisconsin, a town is a town if it has special powers. In other states, for example Michigan, the name "town" has no official meaning and people use it for any place with a lot of people.
In the six New England states, a town is a smaller part of the county, and in these states, really a more important part than the county. In Connecticut and Rhode Island, counties are only on the map and have no power. In the other four states, counties are mostly places with law powers. The counties with other functions are mostly in New Hampshire and Vermont. In all six, towns do things that in most states counties do. In many of these towns, town meetings are the main form of government, so citizens can say what happens where they live by direct democracy.
In New York, a town is also a smaller part of the county, but with less importance than in New England. In New York, a town gives people more direct power than its county, giving almost all town services to places not in towns, called "hamlets", and some services to places in towns, called "villages". In New York, a town usually has some hamlets and villages. But, because villages have power without towns (they are "independent") they can be in two towns or even two counties. Everyone in New York State who does not live in an Indian reservation (a special place for American Indians) or a city lives in a town, and perhaps in one of the town's hamlets or villages.
In Virginia, a town is similar to a city, but it can have a smaller number of people in it. By Virginia law cities are independent of counties (they have power without counties), towns are part of a county.
England and Wales.
In England and Wales, the name "city" is only for places that have a Royal Charter (a special paper) saying they can have that name. In the past, cities usually had a cathedral.
English people often think that when a place has a cathedral it must be a city, but it is not true today. For example, Chelmsford is a town but it has a cathedral.
In the past, a place was usually a town, not a village, when it had a regular market or fair (a market, but not so often). There are some English villages (for example Kidlington, Oxfordshire) larger than some small towns (e.g. Middleham, North Yorkshire).

Medlar
The medlar is a tree and the name of the fruit of this tree. Its Latin name is "Mespilus germanicus", or "German medlar", but it is not from Germany. It grows in the Near East and South-Eastern Europe, and the Romans took it to Germany. Near the Caspian Sea, people grew the medlar about three thousand years ago. It came to Greece in about 700 BC and to Rome in about 200 BC. It was an important fruit plant in Roman and medieval times. But by 1600-1700, people started eating other fruits and not the medlar. Today people do not grow it very often.
The medlar needs warm summers and mild (not too cold) winters and likes to grow in sunny, dry places. In the best places, the plant can grow up to eight metres tall. The medlar is "deciduous": it is not green all year. Usually, it is shorter than a tree. It lives thirty to fifty years, quite a short time. Medlar leaves are dark green, maximum fifteen centimetres long and three centimetres wide. The plant has flowers in May and June. The flowers are white. The red-brown medlar fruits are similar to apples and grow to two to three centimetres. They are very hard and acidic, and we can only eat them after the cold weather makes them soft.

Gerald_Ford
Gerald Rudolph Ford (July 14, 1913—December 26, 2006) was the 38th President of the United States. He was from the state of Michigan but he lived his later years in California where he died.
Ford served 25 years in the United States House of Representatives and was Minority Leader for many years. When Richard Nixon was President, his first Vice President was Spiro Agnew, but Agnew resigned in 1973 because he took bribes while he was Governor of Maryland in the late 1960's. Nixon then chose Ford to be his next Vice President. Ford had to be approved by Congress since there was no Presidential election that year. Because he had been in Congress for a long time, other Congressmen knew him well and were happy to approve him as Vice President because they thought he was honest.
However, Ford was not Nixon's first choice. Some of his first choices were John Connally (the former Governor of Texas), Nelson Rockefeller (the Governor of New York), and Ronald Reagan (the former Governor of California). But, Nixon was worried that these other men might have trouble getting approved by Congress. All of them had also run for President already or were planning to run soon. Nixon did not want to help pick who would be the top Republican candidate in 1976 and Ford promised him that he was not interested in being President. Ford always told reporters that he always dreamed of being Speaker of the House instead.
Because of the Watergate scandal, Nixon resigned on August 8, 1974. Ford became the President. He is the only President of the United States not to be elected to either the office of President or Vice President. Once he became President, he realized he could do a good job and decided to run for a full term in 1976.
Ford had pardoned Nixon for his crimes in 1974. Many experts say that is one of the reasons why Ford lost to Jimmy Carter in the 1976 election, which was very close. Other reasons for the loss were a bad economy with a lot of inflation, the Mayagüez incident, and the last U.S. soldiers leaving Vietnam followed by Saigon and the rest of South Vietnam being taken over by the North Vietnamese, both in 1975.
Ford was adopted at a young age. His birth name was Leslie King, Jr.
Ford died in his home in California on December 26, 2006.

Brush
A brush can be a lot of different things. All brushes have a long part at one end to hold (the handle), and hairs or bristles (short, hard hairs or pieces of plastic) on the other end (the head), and we use them for cleaning, making hair look good, or painting.
Brushes for cleaning.
There are a lot of sorts of brushes for cleaning, for example toothbrushes or brushes for cleaning the floor.
Paint brushes.
We use paint brushes for putting ink or paint on paper. In computer software there are sometimes ditigal paintbrushes for making pictures, too.
Sizes and materials.
We can buy brushes in different sizes and materials. Here are some sorts.
Decorators' brushes.
The sizes of brushes used for painting and decorating (changing the colour or look of a room) are usually in mm or inches. This shows how wide the head is.
We can buy brushes with natural or synthetic (man-made) bristles. Handles (the part of the brush we hold) may be wood or plastic.
Artists' brushes.
Artists' brushes usually have sizes with numbers, but there is no standard.
We use sizes "000" to "20" most often.
Bristles may be natural -- either soft hair or hog (pig) bristle -- or synthetic (man-made).
Artists' brush handles (the part of the brush we hold) are often wooden, but the cheapest brushes may have plastic handles. Many cheap handles are made of unfinished wood; better quality handles are of finished wood.

Poison
Poisons (or "toxins") are things that can make people sick or die. "Toxic" is an adjective to describe something that is poisonous. A poison which is produced by an animal is called venom.
People may die if they eat poisons or come in contact with them. They can be liquid, powder, or gas. They can be made by people and by plants or animal's bodies. Poison bottles usually have a skull and cross-bones sign on them. Sometimes poisons have an antidote that can cure people who eat or drink them.
Many historical figures have been poisoned.
Poison gas.
In wars, some countries use poison gases against their enemies. Poison gases such as chlorine gas and mustard gas were used in World War I. Poison gases cause serious burns to the skin, eyes, and lungs.

Utilitarianism
Utilitarianism is a theory in philosophy about right and wrong. It says that the morally best action is the one that makes the most overall happiness.
The motto of utilitarianism is: " Make the world a happier place".
Because it focuses on happiness, utilitarianism has been called the "greatest happiness principle". The theory was made popular by 18th and 19th century British philosophers like Francis Hutcheson, Jeremy Bentham, and John Stuart Mill, but the idea goes all the way back to ancient times.
Utilitarians sometimes disagree with each other about happiness. Hedonists say that happiness is a matter of pleasure (the nice-feeling 'buzz' of tasty foods, sex, relaxation, and close friendship) and pain (physical aches and emotional sadness). They say that the more pleasure people have, and the less pain they have, the happier they are. Other utilitarians say that happiness is not a matter of pleasure and pain, but instead a matter of getting what they want. If lots of their desires are satisfied, and only a few of their desires are unsatisfied, then they are happy. Other utilitarians have other ideas about happiness. But, even though they disagree about what happiness is, all utilitarians agree that morality is a matter of overall happiness.
Animals can be happy or unhappy, and so utilitarians think that animals and humans are both morally important. This idea goes back to Jeremy Bentham. They say that it's wrong to hurt animals and make them unhappy, and that we should try to make animals happier by treating them well.
Many utilitarians do not eat meat because they are concerned about the harm done to animals.
"Common sense" morality tells us to make people happy and that we should not be biased. So there is some agreement between utilitarianism and common sense. But there is also a lot of disagreement. Utilitarianism says that it can be OK to hurt someone, as long as it makes the world a happier place. But common sense morality says that they should never hurt someone, even if they think it will be worth it. Utilitarians usually say that, because of the way the world is, hurting people "almost never" makes the world a happier place -- so hurting people is "almost always" wrong. But critics worry about this "almost always"; they think that they should not hurt people, no matter what.
Because utilitarianism tells us to make the world a happier place, some critics worry that it is asking for too much. For example, if they go to the movies, then they are spending money on their own happiness, instead of sending the money to help very poor people. The poor people need the money a lot more than they need to see a movie. So, since utilitarianism says that they should make as much happiness as they can, they should send the money to the poor people instead of going to the movies. But then they "never" get to go to the movies! they should "always" send any extra money they have to help poor people. Critics worry that, if they do what utilitarianism tells them, they will end up with a boring life.
Utilitarians know about these worries, and they try to make their theory more sophisticated.
Philosophers who are interested in moral right and wrong still look carefully at utilitarian ideas.

Devon
Devon is a county of England. It is sometimes called "Devonshire" although this is not its correct name. It is in the southwest of the country. Devon is the second largest county in England, and has the longest road network of any county in England.
History.
After the last ice age, Devon was one of the first places in England where people started to live. Archaeologists have found many old places in Devon with ancient buildings. For example, many ruins of old buildings have been found in an area called "Dartmoor", which is now a National Park.
Devon gets its name from the "Dumnonii", a name that the invading Romans gave to the Celtic tribe in that area. The Romans invaded Devon about AD 50. The name "Dumnonii" means "a person who lives in a deep valley", and it comes from the hills and valleys of the area. The Roman army stayed in Devon for about 25 years. Their base was in the city of Exeter.
It was a long time before anyone else invaded Devon. Saxons came to Devon in the 7th century, and the King of Wessex may have attacked in 614. There was a conflict between Devon and Wessex for 200 years. Some historians think that Wessex won the war by about 715 but others think this did not happen until at least 936. Eventually Wessex took control, but the Kings of Devon still had some power.
A person living at the time called William of Malmesbury said that in Exeter both Britons and Saxons were equal in 927 but that King Athelstan of Wessex then chased the Britons from Exeter. From place names and church dedications it seems that the British did not go far and later came back into Exeter because an area in the city was called "Britayne" until recently.
A large number of Devon placenames include (or are) the word "combe" (eg Ilfracombe). This word comes from the Brythonic (Celtic) language and is like the Welsh word "cwm". Another typical Devon word is "tor" which is also Brythonic, and like the Welsh word "twr".
Both of these words are often found in neighbouring counties, but Devon has the greatest number. Overall Devon has a number of other placenames that are Brythonic and others that come from Old English, and a few that come from Norse. Devon's placenames are like those of western Somerset and eastern Cornwall which was also part of the old kingdom of "Dumnonia".
Starting in the 9th Century, groups of Viking raiders tried to invade Devon. This continued until the Norman Conquest. The name of "Lundy Island" comes from the Viking language, which was called Norse. The Vikings are remembered for moving the cathedral from Crediton to Exeter.
There are many famous (well known) people from Devon, especially seamen. For example, Sir Francis Drake, Gilbert, Sir Richard Grenville and Sir Walter Raleigh all come from Devon. Many other famous people were also born in Devon: for example, the author Agatha Christie was born in the town of Torquay.
Flag.
Devon has its own flag. It is linked to St Petroc, who is a local saint with links to Devon and nearby counties. The flag was chosen after winning a competition on the BBC Devon website in 2003.
Economy.
Devon is less wealthy than many parts of England, for example the south east. This is because the traditional industries of Devon, for example fishing, mining and farming are declining. The European Union has given parts of Devon help (Objective 2). For example grants of money have been given to help new industries grow. Tourism has become more important recently as a part of the economy of Devon.
An epidemic of Foot and Mouth disease in 2001 led to many farmers losing their cattle, so they lost a lot of money. Other industries also lost a lot of income because of this.
Politics.
The main city of Devon is Plymouth. Exeter is where the county council is based. The county of Devon is split up into districts. Each district is run by a district council. Some things are the job of the county council and others are the job of the district council. There are also smaller town and parish councils inside the districts.
Plymouth and Torbay are not run by the county council, but have their own special councils. These councils do the jobs of both a county and a district council. These type of areas are called "unitary authorities".
Districts in Devon.
The numbers on the map are linked to the numbers below.
Other websites.
"Note: The links below are not in simple English."

Black_Hand
Black Hand or Crna Ruka, officially Ujedinjenje ili Smrt ("Unification or Death") was a secret group of Serbian nationalists (Pan-Serbians). It was founded in 1911 in Serbia.
Their aim was unification of countries Serbs lived in those days, including Bosnia-Herzegovina which was a part of Austria-Hungary since 1908.
They killed the Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in 1914, which considered one of the WWI triggers.
They killed the King Aleksandar Obrenovic and Queen Draga Masin too.
In 1995 a street gang in Reading, United Kingdom took the name and have grown since.

Louisiana
Louisiana is one state of the United States of America.
Louisiana is in the south of the U.S.A. To the west of Louisiana is Texas. To the north is Arkansas. To the east is the state of Mississippi. To the south is the Gulf of Mexico.
The capital of Louisiana is Baton Rouge. The largest city is New Orleans.
The south end of the Mississippi River is in Louisiana.
The size of Louisiana is 134,382 km². In the year 2000 4,468,976 people were in Louisiana.
The governor of Louisiana is Piyush "Bobby" Jindal.

Genghis_Khan
Genghis Khan (c. 1155/1162/1167 - August 18, 1227) was a great military leader who unified the Mongol tribes and founded the Mongol Empire. The khans, who came after him, would make Mongolia into the largest empire on earth.
Genghis Khan was the grandfather of Kublai Khan, who was the first emperor of the Yuan Dynasty in China. No one knows exactly where Genghis is buried.

Phrasal_verb
Phrasal verb is the name given to an English verb which is composed of two or three words. One verb is combined with a preposition (like "on, in, under)" or an adverb (like "up, down, away"). Sometimes a phrasal verb can have a meaning that is very different to the meaning of at least one of those two or three words separately. Some text books call these verbs multi-word verbs. Phrasal verbs are used more frequently in everyday speech than in formal, official writing or speaking.
"Maria didn't know the word, so she" looked it up "in the dictionary."
"Oh no, we've" run out of "milk! I'll have to buy some more."
"Farmers have to" get up "early in the morning."
"The rocket" took off "with a loud roar."
Often these phrasal verbs have a one-word equivalent in other languages.
In Spanish, to get up can be translated as "levantarse", in French as "se lever" etc.
Many students of English as a foreign language panic when they hear the term "phrasal verbs", but in fact phrasal verbs are just vocabulary to memorize, and not some strange, secret grammatical formula. In fact many native speakers of English do not know the term "phrasal verb" at all, even though they probably use them very often!
Types of phrasal verbs.
There are four different types of phrasal verbs.
Instead of "separate" or "separable", some text books use the word "split" or "splittable".
If you do not know if a phrasal verb is separable or inseparable ALWAYS use a noun or noun phrase and do not try to separate the verb.

Kwashiorkor
Kwashiorkor is a type of protein energy malnutrition. If a child uses up energy from carbohydrates and lipids, their body may begin to use protein for energy.
The body breaks down protein into energy that can be used. They then do not have enough protein for other functions in their bodies. Children from aged 1-4 years usually get this but rarely adults and older children get it. It is common in places like Africa. Symptoms include having a pot belly, swollen face, and hair that is dark then light then dark. This can be cured by having a protein rich diet.

Pythagorean_theorem
In mathematics, Pythagorean theorem or Pythagoras' theorem is a statement about the sides of a right triangle.
One of the angles of a right triangle is always equal to 90 degrees. This angle is the "right angle". The two sides next to the right angle are called the "legs" and the other side is called the "hypotenuse". The hypotenuse is the side opposite to the right angle, and it is always the longest side.
If the lengths of the legs are "a" and "b", and the length of the hypotenuse is "c", then, formula_1.
For proof see: proof.
One well known example is the 3-4-5 triangle: if a=3 and b=4, formula_2 or formula_3. This can also be shown as formula_4

Venezuela
Venezuela is a country in northern South America. Its official name is República Bolivariana de Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela). The official language is Spanish, and its capital is Caracas. Venezuela produces a large amount of oil every year, and has one of the largest oil supplies in the world.
Venezuela has a racial mix in its inhabitants, and that came from the colonial period. When whites (British, Spaniards, French...) conquers America's territory, they take their black africans slaves to America to work. In Venezuela's colonial times, black people have not any right, they just work for food; Indigenous was instructed in Roman Catholic Religion; at the beginning, the Church said that Amerindians aren't people, but later, the Pope thought that Amerindians was people, but like under age. To this way, white creoles, (who was descendants of Spaniards, was white Venezuelan people and they considered Venezuela as their land, and they don't wanted to Spaniards gobern in their country) headed society. That was one of the reasons which drived the pro-independence thinking.
Ancient Venezuelans came from the east, west, south, and north. Christopher Columbus was the first European to step on the land, but there were already natives living there for a long time. The Spaniards first conquered Venezuela. Slaves were imported from Africa. Venezuela's economy is based on oil, cotton, cocoa, sugar, coffee, and tobacco. On July 24, 1823, Venezuela won its independence led by Simon Bolivar. Some other languages spoken there are Carib, Guahibo, Warao, Wayuu, Pemon, and Piaroa. the capital of Venezula is Caracas 3,517,300(metro area). The president is Hugo Chávez. Religions are 96% Roman catholic, 2% Protestant.

Tea
Tea is a hot or cold drink that is popular in the United Kingdom and United States. It is made by soaking the dried leaves or flowers of the plant "Camellia sinensis" in hot water. Tea can have other herbs, spices, or fruit flavours in it, such as lemon.
Sometimes the word "tea" is used for other drinks that have been made by soaking fruit or herbs in hot water, like "rosehip tea" or "camomile tea".
Types of tea.
There are two main types of tea: black and green tea.
To make black tea workers take the leaves and spread them out on shelves where they can dry. Next they are rolled and broken into pieces and put into a room where they absorb oxygen. Chemical reactions change the taste and character of the tea. Finally the leaves are dried with hot air until they turn brown or black. Most black tea comes from Sri Lanka, Indonesia and eastern Africa.
Green tea is made by putting freshly picked leaves into a steamer. This keeps them green. Then they are crushed and dried in ovens. India is the biggest producer and consumer of green tea.
Tea is mainly grown in China, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Japan, Nepal, Australia, Argentina and Kenya.
Tea can also be used as an alternative word for an afternoon meal (mostly in the Commonwealth countries), as in "I am having tea in a short while." The word also applies to "Afternoon tea", a meal served occasionally, usually featuring sandwiches, cakes and tea.

Antonio_López_de_Santa_Anna
Antonio López de Santa Anna Pérez de Lebrón (February 21, 1794 - 21 June 1876) was a Mexican general and dictator. Under his rule of Mexico, it lost half its territory. Santa Anna was 11 times president. He fought two wars against the United States. In the first war (1836) he won the famous battle of the Alamo, but later he lost the war and was taken prisoner by the Americans. He also lost the second war (1846-1848),

American_Civil_War
The American Civil War was a war fought from 1861 to 1865 between northern and southern states of the United States of America. A group of states in the southern United States ("the South") wanted to be independent, while the federal government and the states in the northern United States ("the North") wanted to keep the US as one country. The war was won by the North.
Causes.
Slavery in the United States first began in Virginia in 1619. By the end of the American Revolution, most northern states had abandoned the institution while it continued to grow and flourish in the plantation economy of the South. In the years prior to the Civil War almost all sectional conflicts revolved around the slave issue. This began with the debates over the three-fifths clause at the Constitutional Convention of 1787 and continued with the Compromise of 1820, the Nullification Crisis, the anti-slavery Gag Rule, and the Compromise of 1850.
Slavery and Control of the Government
Throughout the first half of the 19th century, Southern politicians sought to defend slavery by retaining control of the federal government. While they benefited from most presidents being from the South, they were particularly concerned about retaining a balance of power within in the Senate. As new states were added to the Union, a series of compromises were arrived at to maintain an equal number of "free" and "slave" states.
In 1820, Maine entered as a free state while Missouri joined as a slave state. The balance was finally disrupted in 1850, when Southerners permitted California to enter as a free state in exchange for laws strengthening slavery. This balance was further upset with the additions of free Minnesota (1858) and Oregon (1859).
The widening of the gap between slave and free states was symbolic of the changes occurring in each region. While the South was devoted to an agrarian plantation economy with a slow growth in population, the North had embraced industrialization, large urban areas, infrastructure growth, as well as was experiencing high birth rates and a large influx of European immigrants. This boost in population doomed Southern efforts to maintain balance in the government as it meant the future addition of more free states and the election of a Northern, potentially anti-slavery, president.
The political issue that finally moved the nation towards conflict was that of slavery in the western territories won during the Mexican-American War. A similar issue had been dealt with earlier, in 1820, when, as part of the Missouri Compromise, slavery was permitted in the Louisiana Purchase south of 36°30'N latitude (the southern border of Missouri). Rep. David Wilmot attempted to prevent slavery in the new territories in 1846, when he introduced the Wilmot Proviso in Congress. After extensive debate it was defeated.
In 1850, an attempt was made to resolve the issue. A part of Compromise of 1850 called for slavery in the unorganized lands (largely Arizona & New Mexico) received from Mexico to be decided by popular sovereignty. This meant that the local people and their territorial legislatures would decide for themselves whether slavery would be permitted. Many thought that this decision had solved the issue until it was raised again in 1854 with the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act.
Proposed by Sen. Stephen Douglas of Illinois, the Kansas-Nebraska Act essentially repealed the line imposed by the Missouri Compromise. Douglas, an ardent believer in grassroots democracy, felt that all the territories should be subject to popular sovereignty. Seen as a concession to the South, the act led to an influx of pro- and anti-slavery forces into Kansas. Operating from rival territorial capitals, the "Free Staters" and "Border Ruffians" engaged in open violence for three years.
Though pro-slavery forces from Missouri had openly and improperly influenced elections in the territory, President James Buchanan accepted their Lecompton Constitution, and offered it to Congress for statehood. This was turned down by Congress which ordered a new election. In 1859, the anti-slavery Wyandotte Constitution was accepted by Congress. The fighting in Kansas further heightened tensions between North and South.
As the South recognized that control of the government was slipping away, it turned to a states' rights argument to protect slavery. Southerners claimed that the federal government was prohibited by the Tenth Amendment from impinging upon the right of slaveholders take their "property" into a new territory. They also stated that the federal government was not permitted to interfere with slavery in those states where it already existed. They felt that this type of strict constructionist interpretation of the Constitution coupled with nullification, or perhaps secession would protect their way of life.
The issue of slavery was further heightened by the rise of the Abolitionist movement in the 1820s and 1830s. Beginning in the North, adherents believed that slavery was morally wrong rather than simply a social evil. Abolitionists ranged in their beliefs from those who thought that all slaves should be freed immediately (William Lloyd Garrison, Frederick Douglas) to those calling for gradual emancipation (Theodore Weld, Arthur Tappan), to those who simply wanted to stop the spread of slavery and its influence (Abraham Lincoln).
Abolitionists campaigned for the end of the "peculiar institution" and supported anti-slavery causes such as the Free State movement in Kansas. Upon the rise of the Abolitionists, an ideological debate arose with the Southerners regarding the morality of slavery with both sides frequently citing Biblical sources. In 1852, the Abolitionist cause received increased attention following the publication of the anti-slavery novel Uncle Tom's Cabin. Written by Harriet Beecher Stowe, the book aided in turning the public against the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850.
John Brown first made a name for himself during the "Bleeding Kansas" crisis. A fervent abolitionist, Brown, along with his sons, fought with anti-slavery forces and were best known for the "Pottawatomie Massacre" where they killed five pro-slavery farmers. While most abolitionists were pacifists, Brown advocated violence and insurrection to end the evils of slavery.
In October 1859, financed by the extreme wing of the Abolitionist movement, Brown and eighteen men attempted to raid the government armory at Harper's Ferry, VA. Believing that the nation's slaves were ready to rise up, Brown attacked with the goal of obtaining weapons for the insurrection. After initial success, the raiders were cornered in the armory's engine house by local militia. Shortly thereafter, US Marines under Lt. Col. Robert E. Lee arrived and captured Brown. Tried for treason, Brown was hanged that December. Before his death, he predicted that "the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away; but with Blood."
The Collapse of the Two-Party System
The tensions between North and South were mirrored in a growing schism in the nation's political parties. Following the compromise of 1850 and the crisis in Kansas, the nation's two major parties, the Whigs and Democrats, began to fracture along regional lines. In the North, the Whigs largely blended into a new party: the Republicans.
Formed in 1854, as an anti-slavery party, the Republicans offered a progressive vision for the future that included an emphasis on industrialization, education, and homesteading. Though their presidential candidate, John C. Frémont, was defeated in 1856, the party polled strongly in the North and showed that it was the Northern party of the future. In the South, the Republican Party was viewed as a divisive element and one that could lead to conflict.
With the division of the Democrats, there was much apprehension as the election 1860 approached. The lack of a candidate with national appeal signaled that change was coming. Representing the Republicans was Abraham Lincoln, while Stephen Douglas stood for the Northern Democrats. Their counterparts in the South nominated John C. Breckinridge. Looking to find a compromise, former Whigs in the border states created the Constitutional Union Party and nominated John C. Bell.
Balloting unfolded along precise sectional lines as Lincoln won the North, Breckinridge won the South, and Bell won the border states. Douglas claimed Missouri and part of New Jersey. The North, with its growing population and increased electoral power had accomplished what the South had always feared: complete control of the government by the free states.
In response to Lincoln's victory, South Carolina opened a convention to discuss seceding from the Union. On December 24, 1860, it adopted a declaration of secession and left the Union. Through the "Secession Winter" of 1861, it was followed by Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, and Texas. As states departed, local forces took control of federal forts and installations without any resistance from the Buchanan Administration. The most egregious act took place in Texas, where Gen. David E. Twiggs surrendered one-quarter of the entire standing US Army without a shot fired. When Lincoln finally entered office on March 4, 1861, he inherited a collapsing nation.
The war.
There were two important areas where the American Civil War was fought - in the west and in the east.
In the eastern area, there was the US capital, Washington D.C., and the Confederate capital, Richmond. These two cities are only about 90 miles apart. In this area, the Confederate military leader from 1862 until the end of the war was Robert E. Lee. Lee was a great general, and won many battles. Many times, his actions prevented the smaller number of Confederate troops from being badly beaten or destroyed by the Union troops. Even though the North had more soldiers, they could not capture Richmond until the end of the war in 1865.
In the western area, there was the great river, the Mississippi. Ulysses S. Grant (who later became US President) won many battles here. The North captured almost all the cities on the Mississippi River, but the Confederacy still held Vicksburg, an important city and fort. On the 4th of July, 1863, following a long siege, Vicksburg surrendered to Grant. This divided the Confederacy into two. This victory is considered to be one of the turning points of the war.
One of the greatest campaigns of the Civil War was a major assault on the Confdederate Capitol, Richmond, led by Colonel Darrell Rivers, who single handedly marched about 5,000 infantry (foot soldiers) composed mostly of Irish volunteers, directly into enemy territory. Around September, 1863, Rivers' forces engaged Confederate forces at the Battle of Huntington. This battle resulted in about 12,000 confederate casualties (dead and wounded), though Colonel Rivers and most of his men were killed in an epic bayonet charge. His memory lives on to this day, a flagpole stands in his honour at the front of Huntington Beach High School in California, erected by his great great-grandson Boy Scout Field Marshal Darrell Rivers, an Eagle Scout.
Another major turning point occurred at about the same time in the east. After several victories, General Lee decided to invade the North. Lee and his Army of Northern Virginia went into Pennsylvania. The Confederate army met the Union army near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. The Battle of Gettysburg was fought over a three day period, July 1-3 in 1863. The invasion was stopped by the Union, and Lee and the Confederate Union were made to go back to the South.
Lincoln decided that Ulysses S. Grant was his best general. He put Grant in control of all the Union armies. Grant attacked Lee again and again. Lee held out time and time again, but eventually the number of Union soldiers was too much for the smaller Confederate army. Lee decided he had too few soldiers to keep on fighting and he surrendered to Grant on April 9, 1865, near Appomattox Court House.
Inflation.
Inflation occured on both sides. The prices on everything skyrocketed and caused people from both the North and the South to go hungry if they could not afford the newly priced food.
After the war.
Many soldiers died for both sides during the war. The South was hurt the most because most of the war was fought there. The South's economy was hurt very badly, too. The Union Army stayed in some Southern states for many years. This time is called "Reconstruction". Reconstruction ended in 1877.
Also, soon after the war, several constitutional amendments were made by the US government and passed with enough support from the people. Slavery was ended by the 13th Amendment. The 14th Amendment makes it clear that all people born in the United States are citizens with equal rights that cannot be taken away unless they do something against the law. The 15th Amendment says that people in the United States cannot be kept from voting because of their race. (Citizens "could" be stopped from voting because of their gender, however. It was not until the passing of the 19th Amendment in 1920 that women could vote.) Other facts are that Generals Grant, Hayes, Garfield, Harrison, and McKinley became presidents or ran for the office.

Stephen_Hawking
Stephen William Hawking, CH CBE FRS (born January 8 1942) is an English theoretical physicist and mathematician. He is one of the world's leading theoretical physicists. A theoretical physicist is someone who uses information from experiments to make predictions about the world. Hawking writes many science books for the public, or the people who are not scientists.
Hawking is a professor of mathematics at the University of Cambridge (a position that Isaac Newton once had).
He has ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease, and because of that he can not move or talk very well. The illness has gotten worse over the years and he is now almost completely paralyzed. He uses a wheelchair to move and an Intel computer to talk for him.
He is one of the most clever living people.
Children's books.
Note: On, he criticises the unauthorized publication of "The Theory of Everything" and asks buyers to boycott the book.

Chojnów
Chojnów is small city in Poland. As of the year 2000, 14,900 people live in the city. The city is located on the river Skora. The city belongs to the county Legnica. It is located in the region Dolnoslaskie. The average height of the city is 170 meters above sea level.
Chojnów is first mentioned in a note dated 1272 as a Haynow settlement. In 1288 it's called city (civitas) in documents of Prince of Legnica Henryk V Gruby. In 1333 in gained the status of a city (civitas).
Activities and events.
Every year in first days of June, Days of Chojnów (Dni Chojnowa) are celebrated. The Whole-Poland bike race Masters has been organized in Chojnów once a year for the past few years.
Chojnów is an industrial and agricultural city. Among products produced in Chojnów are: paperware, agricultural machinery, chains, metal furniture for hospitals, equipment for the meat industry, beer, wine, leather clothing, clothing for infants, children and adults.
Sites.
The most interesting monuments of Chojnów are prince of Legnica's castle from the 13th century (currently used as a museum), two old churches, Baszta Tkaczy (Weavers' Tower) and preserved fragments of city walls.
The biggest green area in Chojnów is small forest Park Piastowski (Piast's Park), named after Piast dynasty as part of Communist anti-German propaganda.
Wild animals that can be found around Chojnów are roe-deers, foxes, rabbits and wild domestic animals, especially cats.

Kayseri
Kayseri is a city in the center of Turkey. Kayseri used to be called Mazaka or Kaisareia. The city has a population of nearly 1 million. Famous meals in this city are pastirma, sucuk and manti. Erciyes mountain is the third highest mountain in Turkey. It is 3917m high.

Henry_the_Navigator
Prince Henry the Navigator (1394-1460) was a prince from Portugal. He was called Infante Dom Henrique in Portuguese. He was never a navigator himself. He got his name because he organized many ocean voyages on which lands were found. He is seen as the man who started European colonial expansion.

Louis_Bonaparte
Louis Bonaparte ("Lodewijk Napoleon" in Dutch) (1779-1884), was a brother of Napoleon Bonaparte, who made him King of the Kingdom of Holland in 1806 and deposed him as King in 1810.
He was also the father of Emperor Napoleon III of France.

Viktor_Yanukovych
Viktor Fedorovych Yanukovych (Віктор Федорович Янукович) (born 1950), was Prime Minister of Ukraine from November 2002 until December 2004 (he was forced to resign (leave office early) on 31 December 2004). He again was Prime Minister of Ukraine from August 4, 2006 till December 18, 2007.
In November 2004, he won the presidential election. Viktor Yushchenko, his opponent, said the result was false. Large daily demonstrations suporting Viktor Yushchenko followed. They where named "The Orange Revolution". Ukrainian Judges decided that there would be new elections in December 2004. Victor Yuschenko won those elections and is now president of Ukraine.
Yanukovych was supported by Vladimir Putin of Russia and by the former Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma.
Yushchenko claimed to have been poisoned in a bid to silence his "orange power" base. Certainly, he was hospitalized and his appearance showed signs of a grave illness.

Mining
Mining is the process of taking things from the ground. Any material that cannot be grown must be mined. Mining things from the ground is called "extraction". Mining can include extraction of metals and minerals, like coal, gold, silver, platinum, copper, and iron. Mining can also include other things like oil and natural gas.
Some mining is done by scraping away the soil (dirt) from the top of the ground. This is called "strip mining". Some mining is done by going deep underground into a "mine shaft". Some mining, such as gold mining, is done in other ways. Gold can be mined by searching in the bed of a creek or other stream of water to remove the flakes of gold. This is called "panning" or "placer mining".
Mining is the only way to extract coal, a vital source of energy. These mines can be strip mines, or they can be hundreds of feet in the ground.
A person who works in a mine is called a miner.
Underground mining is a dangerous job. Many coal and copper mines have accidents. Several coal miners die every year from accidents. Safety rules and special safety equipment is used to try and protect miners from accidents.

Copper
Copper is a chemical element. It is a reddish-coloured metal. Copper may well be the oldest metal in use, as very ancient copper tools have been found. Besides being part of ores, copper can be found in the metal form in some locations. Copper is used widely in many places.
When people mix Copper with tin, bronze is made. Bronze is an important metal, because it can be shaped into useful things, but it was more important before the use of iron was spread.
Copper is important in the human body. If someone does not get enough copper, the molecules in the body might not work. Having too much copper, though, can be a problem. Humans get most of the copper they need from food, and vitamins also contain copper to make sure we get enough.
Copper conducts electricity, so it is used to make different wires. It also does not react or rust easily, so it can be used for pipes. When copper does react to form new compounds, it turns a green color. The Statue of Liberty is made out of copper, and had to be cleaned because it had some green on it.

Plasma_(physics)
Plasma is a form of matter where the atoms are broken into pieces. The pieces are called electrons and ions. Because these pieces have an electric charge, they are pulled together or pushed apart by electric fields and magnetic fields. This makes a plasma act different from a gas, which is another form of matter. For example, magnetic fields can be used to hold a plasma, but not to hold a gas.
Plasmas are usually very hot, because it takes high temperature to break the bonds between the electrons and the nuclei. Sometimes plasmas can have very high pressure, like in stars. Stars (including our own Sun) are mostly made of plasma. Plasmas can also have very low pressure, like in outer space.
On Earth, natural plasma makes lightning and auroras. Artificial (man-made) uses of plasma include fluorescent lightbulbs, "neon" signs, and plasma displays used for television or computer screens. Scientists are experimenting with plasma to make a new kind of nuclear power, called fusion, which would be much better and safer than ordinary nuclear power, and would produce much less radioactive waste—maybe none at all!

Puppet_state
A Puppet state is a country that is officially independent, but is not really. Most puppet states are controlled by foreign countries, but some are controlled by corporations (like Guatemala, once controlled by the United Fruit Company) or even by terrorist groups (like Taliban Afghanistan after 1998, which was controlled by Al-Qaida). Puppet governments are usually kept in power by soldiers kept within their territory by the controlling power.
World War II.
After Italy surrendered in World War II the Italian Social Republic was a puppet state created by Germany.
Cold War.
In some of these countries the people overthrew the government, but each time they did that (before 1989) the Soviet Union and some of its other puppet states invaded and put the old government back in power. The Soviet Union had also some puppet states outside Europe, such as Mongolia.
Now.
Some people call Israel a puppet of the United States.

Icelandic_language
Icelandic is the language spoken by the people of Iceland.
It is a Germanic language. It comes from the Old Norse language, the language spoken by the Vikings. Because Iceland is far away from other countries, the language hasn't changed much. Icelandic people can still read words from hundreds of years ago.
Icelandic uses two characters that aren't used in English: þ (thorn), (like 'th' in thin) and ð (edh), (like 'th' in this). It can also be said that ð is a "softer" version of þ.
Some linguists say there are only two Nordic languages, Eastern-Nordic and Western-Nordic, which includes Icelandic and Faroese because of their similarity.

Moresnet
Moresnet or Neutral Moresnet (Esperanto: "Neutra Moresneto") was a very small territory that existed from 1816 to 1919. It had a size of 3.5 km². It existed because its neighbours couldn't agree on who should own it, so they decided to make it a neutral territory where both neighbours would both have power. It was 7 km Southwest of Aix-la-Chapelle (Germany), and south of the points were the borders of Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands come together on the Vaalserberg.
Rise.
At the Congress of Vienna in 1815 many borders and countries changed. One of the borders was the one between the new United Kingdom of the Netherlands and Prussia. For the most part Prussia and the Netherlands agreed on the border, because it was mostly the same as the old border. Around Moresnet there was a problem. Between the villages of Moresnet and Neu-Moresnet was the zinc mine of Vieille Montagne (in French) / Altenberg (in German). Both countries wanted to have this mine. In 1816 it was decided that the village of Moresnet itself would become part of the Netherlands, Neu-Moresnet would become part of Prussia and the mine and the village of Kelmis around it would become neutral territory where both countries shared the power.
Neutral Moresnet was shaped more or less like a triangle. The southern border was the road between Aix-la-Chapelle and Liège. The mine was just to the north of this road. The most northerly point of the country was the Vaalserberg. When Belgium became independent from the Netherlands in 1830, the land on the Dutch side became Belgian. So from 1830 Belgium and Prussia were in power in Moresnet. At first Moresnet was governed by two royal commissioners, one from each neighbour. Later Moresnet got its own rulers: a mayor and a council of ten members were installed. The mayor was the Head of State, he was appointed by the council.
Most people in Moresnet worked in the zinc mine. Many people from the neighbouring countries also worked in the zinc mine. Because Moresnet was neutral, there were very low taxes and there were no import-tariffs (like in Andorra now). The people from Moresnet were allowed to choose in which army they wanted to serve, but they weren't allowed to have their own army.
Fall.
The mine was exhausted by 1885, so people from Moresnet had to find a new way to find money. Some wanted to start a casino, or issue their own stamps. Dr. Wilhelm Molly, wanted to change Moresnet into a country were everyone would speak Esperanto. He wanted to name the country Amikejo ("place of friendship"). None of these plans succeeded. Belgium and Prussia (which became a part of Germany in 1871) both wanted to take over the territory. In 1914, in the First World War, Germany invaded Belgium and occupied Moresnet. In 1915 the officially annexed it, so Neutral Moresnet didn't exist any more.
In 1919, after the war, in the Treaty of Versailles it was decided that Moresnet would become part of Belgium. From 1940 to 1944, during World War II, Moresnet was occupied by Germany again, but since 1944 it has been part of Belgium again.

Pen
A pen is a tool used for writing or drawing. The word "pen" is from the Latin word "penna". The ink of the pen is pressed onto paper and dries very quickly.
"Quill pens" are one of the oldest type of pens. A quill pen is the feather of a bird, usually a goose. The end of the feather (the quill) was kept very sharp and had to be dipped into ink after every few words.
"Dip pens" are an old type of pen. Like the quill pen, they have to be dipped in ink many times during writing or drawing. The writing end, called the "nib", is made of metal.
"Fountain pens" are like dip pens, but can hold enough ink inside to write several pages before being refilled.
A "ballpoint pen" is usually a cylindrical plastic shaft with a smaller shaft containing ink. It has a very small metal ball on the writing end that rolls the ink onto the paper.
A "stylus" is a pen that cannot write on paper and is usually made out of plastic. They are usually used with touchscreens.

Organic
Organic means it is, or once was, alive.
Organic chemistry is based on carbon, which is the basis for all living things.
Organic matter in soil is material that is, or once was, a plant or animal.

Nail
A nail is a metal object with a flat head and a long sharp tip. A hammer is used to put it into another object. It is often used to join two objects together.

1949
1949 is a year in the 20th century. It was a common year.

Gavrilo_Princip
Gavrilo Princip (25 July 1894 – 28 April 1918) was the Serb man who shot Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and the wife of the Archduke, Countess Sophie. These deaths were a cause of the First World War (World War I).
Princip was poor as a child. As a young man he joined a small group who wanted the Slavs in the south of Austria-Hungary to join with Serbia in a new country. They called themselves "Young Bosnia". A group of powerful people in Serbia decided to help them. Those powerful people were called the Black Hand. They gave 'Young Bosnia' guns and small bombs.
When they heard that Franz Ferdinand was coming to Sarajevo, six of them took the bombs and guns and waited for Ferdinand to drive past. They were going to kill Ferdinand when he drove past. Every one of them failed. Gavrilo Princip went to a cafe to drink a cup of coffee.
When Princip came out of the cafe he saw in front of him Ferdinand in his car. The driver of the car had driven his car the wrong way. They couldn't decide which way to go. No one saw Princip. He walked up and shot Ferdinand. He wanted to shoot the general who was also sitting in the car, but Ferdinand's wife Sophie threw her arms around Ferdinand. She was in the way, and Princip shot her instead of the general.
At his trial, Princip said he did it because he loved his people. The Austrians thought it was a very bad crime, but they couldn't kill him because he was only 19 years old. The law in Austria-Hungary said only people older than 21 could be killed, even when the crime was as bad as killing royalty like Ferdinand. They said Princip must stay in prison for 20 years. They put him in a very bad prison. The prison was so bad that he became ill and he died in 1918.
Because this crime (the shooting of the archduke) happened, Austria-Hungary gave Serbia a list of things that Serbia had to do, called an "ultimatum", to stop things like this from happening any more. But it was just about impossible for Serbia to do all the things on the list fast enough, because the Austrians really wanted war with Serbia. Their German allies also wanted a big war. Pretty soon, all of Europe was fighting, and the whole excuse for it was what Princip did at Sarajevo.

Epistemology
Epistemology (from the Greek words "episteme" = science and "logos" = word/speech) is the part of philosophy that studies knowledge. It seeks to answer the questions "What is knowledge?" and "How is knowledge acquired?". Epistemology is considered to be one of the basic areas of study of philosophy.
Philosophers (people who think about philosophy) who are interested in epistemology think about whether it is possible to have knowledge, what kind of knowledge there is, and how people actually come to know about things.

H._G._Wells
Herbert George Wells (September 21, 1866 – August 13, 1946) was the author of many books in the late 1800s. He wrote many books such as "The Invisible Man", "The Time Machine", "The Island of Dr. Moreau", and "The War of the Worlds". He also explained how the things he wrote about could actually happen. Some of his books have been made into movies.

Strathclyde
Strathclyde was a region in west Scotland. It is named after the River Clyde. The capital city of the region was Glasgow.
A long time ago, Strathclyde was also the name of one of the kingdoms which united to form Scotland.

Melting
Melting is the process of changing something from a solid into a liquid (like ice into liquid water). It is the opposite of freezing. The temperature at which something begins to melt is called its melting point. When an object is heated, the object's particles begin to move faster and faster until the structured particles are freed. Now it is a liquid.

Saint_Denis
Saint Denis is the patron saint of France.
Saint Denis was the first bishop of Paris. He supposedly went there between 250 and 270. He was executed in 272. According to legend, he was beheaded. After his beheading, he walked away, his head under his arms, along what is today the Rue des Martyrs in Paris. After about, he gave his head to a pious woman, who had a basilica erected in the spot.

Neopets
Neopets is a website that lets its users create pets, and take care of them. The site was created on November 15 1999, and has millions of users. The website is owned by Viacom. Most of the pets that the user can create are not real animals, but are based upon real animals. Neopets has story plots, chat boards, and different things that users can do with their neopets. Many people of many different ages join Neopets. The site has many games that the user can play. Neopets has a help section to find answers to many of the questions that users may have.
Avatars.
Avatars are small, animated 50x50 pixel boxes. They can be used on chat boards and guilds. They can be used to show a user's personality, what they are good at, or how they are feeling. There are three types of avatars: default, clickable, and avatars that have to be earned.
Default avatars.
Default avatars are the easiest type of avatar to get. Once a person creates an account on Neopets, they get to use the default avatars without having to do anything. Default avatars are mainly the different pets that can be used on the site and certain faeries.
Clickable avatars.
Clickable avatars are the second easiest avatar to get. To earn a Clickable, the user must go to a certain place on the site. Once the user has gone to that page, they get a message that says they can use that avatar.
Avatars that are earned.
Many avatars have to be earned. These are the avatars that people want most. These avatars are the hardest to get. These avatars may be gotten in many different ways. For example, getting a certain score in a game, buying a specific item, or getting a set amount of "Neo-points" (the money used on the site).
Fan sites.
There are many websites created by Neopet users to help other players. These sites help with information about how to play games and how to get avatars. There are also many sites for users to find ways to change the look of the pages that tell about themselves and their pets.

Hotmail
Hotmail is a free e-mail service provided by Microsoft. It was established in 1995.

Vegetarianism
Vegetarianism is the practice of not eating meat or fish. People who follow vegetarianism are called vegetarians. Vegetarians eat foods like vegetables, fruits, nuts, beans and grains. Some vegetarians eat or drink some things that come from animals, like milk and eggs. They are called lacto-ovo vegetarians.
Reasons for not eating meat vary. Some think that it is wrong to kill animals, others think that eating meat is bad for their health or the world. This is because land used for animals can be used to grow food. Some people may become vegetarians because of their religion.
Vegetarians who do not eat milk and eggs are called vegans. Vegans also often will not use animal products like leather, but many vegetarians do use animal products.
Some people who call themselves vegetarians and eat fish or sea food are not vegetarians, because fish and sea animals are also animals. Such people are sometimes called "pescetarians". There are also many people who are not vegetarians, but do not eat too much animal food. Some eat only very little meat (so-called "flexitarians" or "semi-vegetarians"), some eat only fowl ("pollotarians"). There is also a philosophy called freeganism, it means eating animal products only if otherwise they will be thrown away to garbage - such as food thrown away by restaurants.
Religious and spiritual.
Most vegetarians in the world are Hindu. Hinduism and Jainism in general teach vegetarianism, while Buddhism may or may not. Without any specific religion, some people in the Western world also follow a vegetarian diet because it may deepen inner spiritual connections (for example, James Redfield). Mahatma Gandhi said that spiritual experiences are greatly enhanced on a vegetarian diet.
Hinduism.
Hindus teach vegetarianism as a way to live with a minimum of hurt to other beings. In today’s world, about twenty percent of all Hindus are vegetarians. There are approximately 200 million vegetarians in India, the world's largest population of non meat eaters. More vegetarians live in the South of India than in the North, because the North is colder. For yoga and meditation, it is wise to be vegetarian.
The Hindu who believes in non-injury or nonviolence (ahimsa) naturally adopts a vegetarian diet. It is a matter of conscience more than anything else. The Vedic and Puranic scriptures of Hinduism explain that animals have souls and the act of killing animals brings bad karma because the killer will suffer the pain of the animal he has killed in this life or the next. Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami adds that when we eat meat, fish, fowl and eggs, we absorb the vibration of the creatures into our nerves. This promotes fear, anger, jealousy, confusion, resentment and the like. The Manu Dharma Shastras state, “When the diet is pure, the mind and heart are pure.” Generally there is the belief, based on scriptures such as Bhagavad Gita, that one's food shapes the personality, mood and mind.

Hydrocarbon
A hydrocarbon is a type of chemical compound. It is made of only hydrogen and carbon atoms.
They can be found in crude oil and are separated by fractional distillation (which means they are separated into different groups)
Hydrocarbon "Families".
Hydrocarbons are grouped into "families" or "homologous series". There are five main families. The hydrocarbons in each family have a general formula and similar physical and chemical properties.
Alkanes.
Alkanes are the simplest hydrocarbons. Their general formula is CnH2n+2.
Alkenes.
Alkenes are similar to alkanes. The main difference between them is that alkenes have a carbon to carbon double bond. The general formula for the alkenes is CnH2n.
Note that there is not "Methene". Methene is not possible as alkenes require a carbon-carbon double bond and methane only has one carbon atom.
Alkynes.
Alkynes have a carbon to carbon triple bond. CnH2n-2 is their general formula.
"Methyne" does not exist because of methane's one carbon atom.
Cycloalkanes.
Cycloalkanes are isomers of alkenes. They have the same general formula (CnH2n), the only difference is that they do not have a carbon to carbon double bond.
Note that the alkane Methane and the alkene Ethene do not have a cycloalkane because they can only form a straight line.
Alkadiene.
Alkadienes have two carbon to carbon double bonds. Their general formula is CnH2n-2. They are isomers of Alkynes.
Aromatic Hydrocarbons.
Aromatic hydrocarbons are aromatic organic molecules that form flat ring-shaped bonds. The most simplest of aromatic hydrocarbons are benzene and indole. They can have one ring, "heterocyclic", like benzene or 2 rings, "bicyclic" like napthalene (primary ingredient in mothballs) or many rings, "polycyclic" like anthracene (red dye colourant).

Software_engineering
Software engineering is designing and writing programs for computers. A software engineer is often someone who has trained to do this at a college or university. Software engineering is very difficult work. Most often it is done by a team of people. It often takes the team a long time to make the programs that they are asked to write.
Software engineering is also a part of computer science where people learn about ways to make sure programs are well designed and efficient, and learn good ways of making programs so that they are easily maintainable in the future. A program that is not efficient is often limited in what it can do.

Elvis_Presley
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 - August 16, 1977) was one of first and most famous American rock and roll's superstars. His fame lasted long after his death. He was also an actor who starred in many movies.
He was so popular that some people know him as only "Elvis". He is also referred to as "The King of Rock and Roll", or just "The king".

Fear_and_Loathing_in_Las_Vegas
"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream" is a book written by Hunter S. Thompson. The book is based on an article Thompson wrote for "Rolling Stone" magazine. It was later made into a movie directed by Terry Gilliam and starring Johnny Depp and Benicio Del Toro.

Mickey_Mouse
Mickey Mouse is the most popular cartoon characters in the world. He was created by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks in 1928.
He is the Walt Disney company's mascots and has appeared on a few Disney special cartoons, named as Fantasia, which stands for "Fantasy" on Spanish. Mickey Mouse also has shows with the whole gang including Donald Duck, Goofy, Minnie Mouse, and Pluto.

Folk_hero
A folk hero is a person, who may or may not have existed, and is famous and well liked by people, or people of a certain country. Usually it is someone who helped the common people or fought against the authorities, such as a bad king. People tells stories about folk heroes, most of their stories have been passed down orally, and changed to fit the situations.

Calendar
A calendar is a system for assigning calendar dates to days. The "dates" may be based on how things in the sky seem to move, like the Sun or moon.
A calendar is also something (often paper) that shows the system in writing (for example, a "desktop calendar").
The term is also used to mean a set of planned events (for example, "court calendar"). The calendar most commonly used by people in the Western world is the Gregorian Calendar.

Jimmy_Swaggart
Jimmy Swaggert (born March 15 1935) is a televangelist (a preacher who gives services on TV instead of at church). He was born in Ferriday, Louisiana, USA. He is a cousin of musicians Jerry Lee Lewis and Mickey Gilley. He preaches a message called "The Cross" which is that you can only get to heaven through Jesus.
He has also been a very controversial figure, too. He was caught with a prostitute in 1987, but later asked God (and the public) for forgiveness. He was caught again in 1991 and 1995. He also was accused for plagiarizing another minister in 2002 and in 2004, when he joked that he wanted to kill homosexual men.

Ankst
Ankst is a Welsh independent record label formed in 1988 at Aberystwyth University. Ankst has been the launch-pad for several popular Welsh artists, including Super Furry Animals and Gorky's Zygotic Mynci. The label is now based in Pentraeth on Anglesey.

Athlete
An athlete is a person who has above average physical skills (strength, agility, and endurance) and is able to perform physical activities, in particular, contests. An ancient Greek word for "contest" was "athlos", and those competing in the games were called athletes.
In more specific settings, an athlete is one who participates in Athletics, Olympic games and other competitive events such as professional sports.
Athlete can also, although less often, refer to a mental, instead of physical, competitor or possessors of skills.
Athlete are a band from south London

Hawaiian_Punch
Hawaiian Punch is the name of a brand of sweetened fruit punch drinks owned by Dr Pepper/Seven Up, Inc. (DPSU). It was created in 1934 by A.W. Leo, Tom Yates, and Ralph Harrison as an ice cream topping, and customers later discovered that it was an appealing drink when mixed with water.
In 1962, the character of Punchy was introduced in a commercial for Hawaiian Punch, eventually becoming the product's mascot. His long-time saying is "Hey, how about a nice Hawaiian Punch!"
The name comes from the source of the original recipe's main ingredients, Hawaii.

Alan_Alda
Alan Alda (Real name: Alfonso Joseph D'Abruzzo) (January 28, 1936-) is an American actor. He has appeared in, as well as directed and wrote many films. He is probably most famous for his role as "Hawkeye" Pierce, the central character on the comedy/drama TV series "M*A*S*H", as well as writing and directing several episodes of the show, and later becoming one of its producers. Alan also has been the host of Scientific American Frontiers on PBS since 1993. His father, Robert Alda, was another actor, and his mother, Joan, was once crowned Miss New York. Alan has been married to Arlene Weiss since 1957 and they have three daughters.

Sally_Ride
Sally Kristen Ride (born May 26 1951 in Los Angeles, California) is an American former astronaut and astrophysicist who in 1983 became the first American woman to reach outer space.
With a Ph.D. in physics from Stanford University, she joined NASA in 1978, where she was an astronaut (1979–1987) and helped design the robot arm for the space shuttle. In turn, she was the first person to use the robot arm in space. In 1983, she became the first American woman in space. She also served (1986, 2003) on the commissions that investigated the Space Shuttle Challenger and Columbia disasters. In 1989, she became professor of physics and director of the California Space Institute at the University of California, San Diego. Sally started playing tennis at age 10, and became an excellent tennis player. She even went to college for it. She did attend another college, but dropped out because she wanted to keep working for a professional tennis career. After 3 months of hard practice she decided she wasn't good enough to make it to a professional career and so she quit tennis and enrolled at Stanford University. That year, more than 8,000 men and women applied to the NASA space program. Only 35 women were accepted. One of those 35 was Sally. There she enjoyed flight traing so much that it became a favorite hobby. Her second flight was a 8 day trip in 1984, again on Challenger(STS 41-G). Her hours in space flight were more than 343. Sally was preparing for her 3rd journey when the Challenger exploded in 1986. When training was suspended, she was appointed to the Presidential Commission charged with investigating the situation. Dr.Ride retired from NASA in 1987 to become a Science Fellow at the Center of International Security and Arms Control at Stanford University.

Ned's_Declassified_School_Survival_Guide
"Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide" is a children's TV show on Nickelodeon.
From "a middle school full of bullies, homework, and insane teachers" comes Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide, a show on Nickelodeon. The show stars Devon Werkheiser as Ned Bigby, a student at James K. Polk Middle School. Every episode is a group of tips to surviving a school based activity. The show is part of Nick's Sunday lineup. It first aired on September 12, 2004.
The show is very successful, it has had a promising start. The show also stars Lindsey Shaw as Ned's best friend, Jennifer Mozely.
It also comes on Family Channel

Composer
A composer is someone who writes (composes) music. Some composers work by writing music down on paper; this is called 'written notation'. Classical music writers work this way. Writers for TV and movie music also usually write this way, so that an orchestra or other players can read the music and play it.
Some musicians are very good at improvisation. This means that they think up (invent) the music as they play it. Some church organists are good at improvising. During a service they may need to play some organ music to fill in the gaps while people are collecting money or taking communion. Jazz musicians are usually excellent at improvising. Improvisation is not written down, so each time it is different.
Popular and rock or soul music writers are often not able to read and write music down. Many pop and rock composers compose their songs on a guitar or piano. Cole Porter and Irving Berlin usually composed at the piano.
Many songs are written by two or more people. It is common for two people to work together to write songs. One person writes the music and one writes the words (the lyrics). Some songs such as folk songs were composed many years ago and no one knows who wrote them.

Paul_McCartney
Sir James Paul McCartney (born June 18, 1942 in Liverpool, England) is Britain's most successful musician and composer, and one of the most successful musicians in the world. He was a member of the rock band The Beatles, and with John Lennon wrote most of the group's songs.
The Beatles (1962-1970).
McCartney began writing songs before he was sixteen, and has written well over two hundred. His most famous song is "Yesterday", recorded by the Beatles in 1965. Since then around 2000 artists have recorded the song. Other songs written by McCartney for The Beatles are "Can't Buy Me Love", "Hey Jude", "Penny Lane", "Eleanor Rigby" and "Let It Be".
Often Beatles songs would have "Lennon/McCartney" written on the record, and it appeared that they had written it together. In fact, most Lennon/McCartney songs were composed by only one of them, or with one adding only small parts to the other's work. Each counted on the other to help make their songs better, so they agreed to share the credit equally.
Solo Music.
Since the Beatles had stopped working together in 1970, McCartney started a new band called Wings with his wife Linda. Wings also had many hit records, including "Band On The Run" and "Mull Of Kintyre". McCartney wrote "Live and Let Die", which became the theme song to a James Bond film with the same title. Wings disbanded in 1980.
Later McCartney recorded "Ebony and Ivory" with Stevie Wonder, then "The Girl is Mine" and "Say, Say, Say" with Michael Jackson. He and Jackson became friends, but this ended after Jackson outbid McCartney for ownership of the publishing company which owned most of the Beatles's music.
McCartney had other hit songs, and also appeared in a movie, "Give My Regards to Broad Street", with Linda. The theme song from the movie, "No More Lonely Nights", was also a hit, but the movie did poorly, and McCartney's popularity suffered. He had to work hard to prove his talent was still strong. He co-wrote new songs with Elvis Costello, and began touring more often than he had in years.
Along with popular music, McCartney also began composing classical music, including an oratorio about Liverpool. McCartney was knighted for his contributions to music and to British culture, and for his charity work. He bought John Lennon's former school, Quarry Bank, which he then turned into a performing arts school.
Personal Life.
McCartney married Linda Eastman, a photographer, in 1969. She had a daughter, Heather, whom he adopted. McCartney and Linda had three more children together, named Mary, Stella and James. Stella became a popular fashion designer after she grew up.
Linda died in 1998 of breast cancer, which had also killed McCartney's mother many years earlier. He remarried a few years later to a model named Heather Mills, who had a daughter with him named Beatrice. His second marriage wasn't as successful as his first. McCartney and Mills separated in 2006, and planned to divorce. After a long battle over a settlement, McCartney and Mills came to a divorce agreement in March 2008.

James_Joyce
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce () (February 2, 1882 - January 13, 1941) was a famous Irish writer and poet of the modernist movement. He was from Dublin, Ireland. He was famous for his eyepatch, which he wore because of eye damage. He could not see well.
His books are written in a special style. At first he wrote in a way which describes very accurately how life is, in the short story collection called "Dubliners". In his next book, called "A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man", he started a new style. It is called stream of consciousness, and influenced many other writers in the 20th century.
Joyce met Nora Barnacle in 1904 and they began to have a long relationship until his death in 1941. The two moved out of Dublin to Zürich in 1904, then to Trieste, Paris then back to Zürich. They married in 1931. They had a son and a daughter, although their daughter had a mental illness later in her life.
Joyce became a very famous writer after he published "Ulysses". He also began to have a lot of problems with his eye and his family. But he still completed his last book, "Finnegans Wake" by 1939. It is a very difficult book.

Butterfly
A butterfly is a flying insect. It is closely related to the moth. A butterfly has four wings which are covered with furry scales. When a butterfly is not flying, their wings are usually folded upwards. The wings are patterned and are often brightly coloured. Their are many different types of butterflies, coloured and patterned differently. The males and females of each type are often slightly different from each other. Butterfly watching is a popular hobby. Some people also keep collections of dead butterflies that they have caught.
As with most insects, a butterfly's life begins as an egg. Then it hatches into a larva (caterpillar). After some time, the larva turns into a chrysalis (like a cocoon). While it is in the "chrysalis", it becomes a butterfly. The butterfly then hatches out and lays more eggs. Butterflies have very short life spans that last about a week.
Survival.
Butterflies are in trouble because of habitat loss. Because of the destruction of forests and grasslands, some types of butterflies have nowhere to feed and lay eggs. To help, some people plant a butterfly garden with flowers having lots of nectar for a butterflies to feed on. Some people also keep plants that butterflies lay eggs on, and enjoy watching the caterpillars hatch out and feed on the plant. Chemical sprays that are used to keep pests away from garden plants, also kill betterflies.
Butterflies have many enemies, for example ants, birds, spiders, and frogs.
Jays are very common predators for butterflies. Some butterflies, like the Monarch butterflies (in the pictures below) taste horrible so that birds will not eat them.

Helsinki
Helsinki is the capital city of Finland. Helsinki is the largest city in Finland. 550,000 people live in Helsinki, and 1 000 000 live in the Helsinki metropolitan area.
Helsinki is on the coast of the Gulf of Finland. When one looks from Helsinki, Tallinn is on the opposite side of the sea, but it is too far away to see. A poetic name for Helsinki is "the daughter of the Baltic Sea".
History.
In 1550 Swedish king Gustav Vasa commanded people to build a new city and move there. His idea was to build a new place to trade, which would be more popular than Tallinn. The idea didn't work well, and many people returned from Helsinki to their homes. Later Sweden built the fortress Suomenlinna in Helsinki. After Russia had taken Finland from Sweden in several wars, they started developing Helsinki. Helsinki became the capital of autonomous province of Finland. When Finland became independent in 1917, Helsinki stayed as the capital city.
Geography.
Helsinki spreads around several bays and over several islands. Some famous islands include Seurasaari, Lauttasaari and Korkeasaari - which is also the country's biggest zoo - as well as the fortress island of Suomenlinna (Sveaborg).

Vincent_van_Gogh
Vincent Willem van Gogh, usually known simply as Vincent van Gogh, (March 30, 1853 - July 29, 1890) was a Dutch painter. (His name in Dutch is pronounced to rhyme with Scottish "loch". The G and gh are both hard "g"s in the throat.)
After failing several jobs he decided to become an artist. He went to live in Paris with his brother, Theo, who was an art dealer, and met many famous artists who helped and influenced him. During his life he wrote many letters to Theo, and Theo kept them all. In these letters Van Gogh writes about his strong feelings for life and art.
He moved to the town of Arles and lived with another artist, Paul Gauguin. The two argued constantly, and shortly after that Vincent cut off part of his ear and sent it to a prostitute. His mental problems became so serious, he had to be admitted to an institute. 18 months later he wounded himself with a gun, and died two days later. Theo was very upset by his brother's death; he became seriously ill, and died six months later.
Van Gogh only sold one painting in his life for a small amount of money, but his paintings are now world-famous.

Self-defense
Self-defense means fighting off something or another person to protect yourself and maybe others. Ways of self-defense include martial arts or using a weapon.

Disgust
Disgust is an emotion. People feel it, for example, when find something dirty or not fit to eat.

Ralph_Nader
Ralph Nader (born February 27, 1934) is an American attorney, politician and political activist. He is most well-known for working for the rights of consumers, for his third party runs for President, and for helping George Bush get elected in 2000. He ran for President in 1996, 2000 and 2004, but failed to win. In the 2008 election, Nader placed third overall, with 660,094 votes, or about.5%. Nader was born in Winsted, Connecticut. His parents, Nathra and Rose Nader, were Lebanese immigrants.

Erwin_Rommel
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel (November 15, 1891 – October 14, 1944) was an officer of the German army in World War II. He commanded big battles in northern Africa that made him very well known. He was defeated at El Alamein.
The German people and many of Allies thought well of him, but the Nazis thought he was plotting against the government, so he was forced to commit suicide in 1944.

Zimbabwe
The Republic of Zimbabwe is a country in the southern part of the continent of Africa. Its capital city is Harare. President Robert Mugabe is the leader of the country.
Geography.
Zimbabwe is surrounded by other countries, and so it has no coast on the sea. This type of country is called "landlocked". The countries that surround Zimbabwe are Zambia, Botswana, South Africa and Mozambique.
Zimbabwe is home to the famous waterfall, Victoria Falls, which are a feature of the river Zambezi and also the Great Zimbabwe, the ancient architectural monument from which the country was named after.
History.
Zimbabwe was known as Rhodesia when it was a colony of Great Britain, but it took the ancient name of "Zimbabwe" in 1980 when it became an independent country.
Economy.
Zimbabwe uses the Zimbabwe dollar as its currency. The economy is currently in a bad situation. Foreign currency reserves are at very low levels, and the Zimbabwean Dollar has become very devalued. Just recently, three zeroes were taken off the Zimbabwean dollar (for example, $1,000,000 (one million dollars) would become $1000 (one thousand dollars)). Many observers link this to Mugabe's controversial Land Reform programme.

Henry_VII_of_England
Henry the VII or Henry Tudor (January 28, 1457 – April 21, 1509) was king of England from 1485 to 1509. He founded the Tudor dynasty.
Biography.
Henry VII was born in 1457 to Edmund Tudor and Margaret Beaufort. His father died two months before he was born, leaving his 13-year-old mother as his only parent. After Henry's birth, he spent a lot of time with his uncle Jasper Tudor. Jasper took Henry to France, where he spent most of his youth. Henry had a claim to the throne of England, but it was not a very good one, and he had to wait a long time for a chance to take the throne. In 1483, a new king came to the throne in England, called Richard III. King Richard was not popular with everyone, because it was thought that he had stolen the throne from his young nephews and had killed them. This gave Henry the chance he had been waiting for. With help from the French, he raised an army. They landed in Pembrokeshire, close to where Henry had been born, so he was able to gather more supporters on the way.
On August 22 1485, Henry's army defeated Richard III's army at the Battle of Bosworth. When Richard III died in this battle, Henry VII became king. There were other people who had a claim on the throne, and Henry did his best to stop them from taking it from him, either by executing them, putting them in prison, or trying to make friends of them, as he did with the Earl of Lincoln. Another step he took was to marry Elizabeth of York, the niece of King Richard III, who would herself have been the heir to the throne if she had not been a girl.
There were also people who pretended to be long-lost members of the royal family, so that they could try to take the throne. One of these was a little boy called Lambert Simnel, who looked very like Edward, Earl of Warwick. The real Earl of Warwick was Henry's prisoner, but this did not stop other people from believing that Lambert Simnel was him. The Earl of Lincoln rebelled against King Henry and raised an army to make Lambert Simnel king, thinking that he himself could rule the country. There was a battle, and the Earl of Lincoln was killed. Lambert Simnel was captured, but, because he was only a child, Henry spared his life and he became a royal servant.
Death.
After Henry VII died in 1509, his son became king as Henry VIII. Henry VII was buried in Westminster Abbey.

C._S._Lewis
Clive Staples Lewis (born November 29 1898 in Belfast, Northern Ireland - died November 22 1963) was an Irish author and scholar. He is best known for his fantasy works, essays, and writings on literature and theology. Lewis' theological works are primarily apologetics, the defence of modern Christianity.
He is loved throughout the world for his writing, and many of his books were made into movies, the most recent being "The Chronicles of Narnia, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" and "The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian"
His most famous and popular fantasy work are "The Chronicles of Narnia".

Randy_Bachman
Randall Charles Bachman (born September 27, 1943) is a Canadian musician. He was a member of the rock groups The Guess Who and later The Bachmann-Turner Overdrive.

Nintendo_DS
The Nintendo DS is the third newest handheld game system from Nintendo. Their newest handheld game system is the Nintendo DS Lite, a smaller version of the DS. The DS is a small, nearly pocket-size fold-up machine that lets people play video games. The games for the Nintendo DS are stored on small cartridges called "carts", which are kind of like memory card chips from digital cameras. They are small and may be easy to lose. However, they are quite sturdy, even if they are dropped. New games, such as Super Mario 64 DS, came out on the release date, and come free with the blue DS in North America.
The games' graphics are a little better than on the Nintendo 64. For most of Nintendo's systems, there have been no load times (except for the GameCube). With the DS, a level in the game loads up quickly, just like the Game Boy systems. This is because memory cards can be read a lot faster than CDs or DVDs.
The DS also has many new features. It has a new surround sound system. It not only works with games designed for the DS, but also for games designed for the Game Boy Advance. But the DS cannot play the oldest Game Boy games, or Game Boy Color games. It also features a touchscreen, a screen that, when touched with the included stylus, will cause something to happen in the game (like a PDA). There are two styluses with it, but more can be bought if they get lost.
Competiton.
The Nintendo DS is a rival competitor with Sony's PlayStation Portable. However, both Nintendo and Sony said that their products were aimed at different people, so there is "technically" no competition. At this time, the DS is enjoying good sales and has sold more units than the PSP has.
DS Lite.
In addition, Nintendo also developed and released a similar version of the DS. Known as the "DS Lite", it was first released on March 2 2006 in Japan, and June 11 2006 in the US.
The DS Lite plays the same games. It is smaller and lighter in size and weight and also has brighter screens. The console is so small that the Game Boy Advance games stick out when the player puts it into Slot 2. It also features a little cover so players can cover Slot 2 when it is not in use. The DS Lite is also sold in white, black, pink, blue, red, and silver.
Games.
Some games for the DS/DS lite are: Nintendogs, Mario Kart, Brain Age, Cooking Mama and.
Accessories.
There are many accessories for the Nintendo DS, including different coloured styluses and protective cases. Most consoles come with a screen protector and a car adaptor that charges the battery with a car's cigarette lighter.

Steve_Martin
Stephen Glenn Martin (born August 14, 1945) is an American comedian and actor.
Early years.
Martin was born in Waco, Texas to Glenn Vernon Martin, a real estate salesman and aspiring actor, and Mary Lee Stewart, a housewife. Martin was raised in Garden Grove, California. He is of English, Irish and Scottish descent.
As a teenager, Martin started out working at the Magic Shop at Disneyland. There he developed his talents for magic, juggling, playing the banjo and creating balloon animals. He teamed up with friend and Garden Grove High School classmate Kathy Westmoreland to do a musical comedy routine. They performed at local coffee houses and at the Bird Cage Theater in Knott's Berry Farm. Martin attended Santa Ana College at the same time as actress Diane Keaton.
"It changed what I believe and what I think about everything. I majored in philosophy. Something about non sequiturs appealed to me. In philosophy, I started studying logic, and they were talking about cause and effect, and you start to realize, 'Hey, there is no cause and effect! There is no logic! There is no anything!' Then it gets real easy to write this stuff, because all you have to do is twist everything hard—you twist the punch line, you twist the non sequitur so hard away from the things that set it up, that it's easy... and it's thrilling."
Martin's girlfriend in 1967 was a dancer on "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour". She helped Martin get a writing job with the show by submitting his work to head writer Mason Williams. Williams initially paid Martin out of his own pocket. Along with the other writers for the show, Martin won an Emmy Award in 1969. Martin also wrote for John Denver (a neighbor of his in Aspen, Colorado at one point), The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour, and The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour. He also appeared on these shows and several others, in various comedy skits.
Martin also performed his own material, sometimes as an opening act for groups such as The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band and The Carpenters. He appeared at San Francisco's The Boarding House among other places. He continued to write, earning an Emmy nomination for his work on Van Dyke and Company in 1976.
Fame.
In the mid-1970s, he made appearances as a stand up comedian on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. That exposure, together with appearances on HBO's On Location and NBC's Saturday Night Live (SNL) led to his first of four comedy albums, "Let's Get Small". The album was a huge success.
His next album, "A Wild and Crazy Guy", was a bigger success. It reached the #2 spot on the sales chart in the United States. It created a catch phrase (the album's title). It was based on an SNL skit in which Martin and Dan Aykroyd played a couple of bumbling Czechoslovakian playboys. The album was a million seller.
Both albums won Grammys for Best Comedy Recording in 1977 and 1978 respectively.
Movie career.
Martin's first movie was a short, "The Absent-Minded Waiter" (1977). The seven-minute long movie, also featuring Buck Henry and Teri Garr, was written by and starred Martin. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film, Live Action. His first feature movie appearance was in the musical "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". He sang the Beatles' "Maxwell's Silver Hammer".
In 1979, Martin wrote and starred in his first full-length movie, "The Jerk", directed by Carl Reiner. The movie was a huge success, grossing over $73 million. Martin was in three more Reiner-directed comedies after "The Jerk": "Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid" in 1982, "The Man with Two Brains" in 1983 and "All of Me" in 1984. In 1986, Martin joined fellow Saturday Night Live veterans Martin Short and Chevy Chase in "¡Three Amigos"!, directed by John Landis.
In 1986, Martin was in the musical movie version of the hit off-Broadway play "Little Shop of Horrors" as a sadistic dentist, Orin Scrivello.
In 1987, Martin joined comedian John Candy in the John Hughes movie, "Planes, Trains & Automobiles". That same year, the Cyrano de Bergerac adaptation "Roxanne" won him a Writers Guild of America award. In 1988, he did "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" with Michael Caine and directed by Frank Oz.
In 2005, Martin wrote and starred in "Shopgirl". Martin played a wealthy businessman who strikes up a romance with a Saks 5th Avenue counter girl (Claire Danes). He also starred in "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" that year. Martin's latest work was in the 2006 remake of "The Pink Panther".

Trailer_(movie)
A movie trailer is a short showing of a future (not yet released) movie. They are shown in a theater before the current movie starts. They are often later shown in advertisements for DVD releases, and broadcasts of the movie on television.

Orphanage
An orphanage (or children's home) is an institution which cares for children whose parents have died or have abandoned them. In English, such children are called orphans. Historically it was very often the church or the state who cared for orphans. Today, however, most orphanages are being turned into other services. The people who run those services very often try to place the children in a family that might adopt them.

WordPad
Wordpad, like Notepad allows the user to word process items. Wordpad gives the user more options, yet has the basic ones that Notepad has. Wordpad has new features like changing the color of the font, adding bullets, adding effects to the font other than the bold and italic (like underline), and lets the user to align his/her document, such as center, right, and left. Microsoft is the devolper of Wordpad.

Physical_constants
In science, a physical constant is a number (physical quantity) which does not change. This is different from a mathematical constant, which is not based on a real measurement.
There are many physical constants in science. Some famous ones are the speed of light, Planck's constant, the gravitational constant, and Avogadro's number.
Some scientists think that physical constants may decrease as the universe gets older. There has been no evidence to support this yet.
Constants that do not have units (like length or speed) are called fundamental physical constants.
Some believe that if the physical constants were different, there would be no life in the universe. They say that the universe seems to be fine-tuned for intelligent life.

Michael_Landon
Michael Landon (October 31, 1936- July 1, 1991) was an American actor. He is probably best known for his roles on the TV shows, "Bonanza", "Little House on the Prarie", and "Highway to Heaven".

Equation
An equation is a mathematical or chemical object.
Usually mathematical equations have one equals sign (=) with two terms on each side of it. The equals sign says that the terms on each side of it must be exactly equal.
The second kind is often used to solve problems in which you have to know the value of some variables.
Equations are a part of math called algebra.

Steering_wheel
A steering wheel is a circular object used by the driver of a car or boat to change the direction it is moving.

Priscilla_Presley
Priscilla Presley (birth name Priscilla Ann Wagner - last name Beaulieu after her mother's remarriage; born May 24, 1945 in Brooklyn, New York, USA) is an American actress. She is the former wife of Elvis Presley (they divorced in 1973) and the mother of Lisa Marie Presley. Presley is probably most famous for her roles in the television primetime soap opera "Dallas", and "The Naked Gun" films with Leslie Nielson. She is also a member of the Church of Scientology.

Waiter
A waiter is a person who "waits" on tables, often at a restaurant or cafe. A female waiter is called a waitress. He takes orders and delivers food to customers. A good waiter can also help the customers by recommending the best food.
Many waiters and waitresses are required by their employers to wear a uniform.
Most uniforms used are black and white or all black.

Cambodia
Cambodia or Kampuchea is a country in Southeast Asia. It is near Vietnam, Laos, and Thailand. About 13 million people live in Cambodia. The people of Cambodia are called "Cambodians" or "Kampucheans". Khmer is the official language. The country has recently emerged from a long civil war and the Khmer Rouge Years. The current leader, Hun Sen, has been accused by the international community of moving the country towards a dictatorship. It is part of ASEAN, Association of South East Asian Nations.

Role-playing_game
A role-playing game (also called RPG) is a game in which one plays the role of one or several characters (people), either verbally (traditional RPGs), in a computer or video game, or alone. Often the characters gain "experience" (EXP) during the game, which makes them stronger.
Traditional RPGs.
Role-Playing Game used to be the name for pre-computer games (the most well-known of which is Dungeons & Dragons). In this type of RPG, players assume the role of a fantasy character, and play in a made-up world that, most of the time, is controlled by a Dungeon Master (DM). The DM is a person that tells the game's story to the players, tells them where they are in the game world and plays the part of all the Non-Player Characters (NPCs) and monsters that the players meet.
The DM will also give quests or tasks for the characters to complete. Characters usually have special skills that limit their actions, such as strength or speed, and as the character completes the quests, he or she is awarded experience with which he or she can go up to higher levels.
Most RPGs use dice rolls when a player tries to do something hard in the game (Like attacking a monster, or jumping over a gap). This means that there is luck in the game, as well as skill.
DM: "You enter a small room. It is wet and mouldy. You hear water dripping from somewhere. You see a small, shaking pile of gray jelly in the middle of the room."
Player: "I touch the pile with the tip of my sword."
DM: "Critical miss. The jelly moves up your sword and chokes you. You are dead."
Good DMs balance challenges and rewards, giving the players the chance to recover from mistakes, but at the same time providing consequences for the player's actions.
Computer and video game RPGs.
There are also computer and videogame RPGs, where the player controls one or more characters. A good example is the Final Fantasy series of games. Just like the pre-computer RPGs, the characters in the games level up when they get EXP. They also usually contain a main quest which cannot be completed without completing smaller side quests. These computer RPGs are easier to play because they only need one person, but they also lack the freedom of the older games, where new quests can be made up whenever you want. MMORPGs (Massively-Multiplayer Online "Role-Playing Game), are computer games where many players meet online in one large game world, and go on quests together. Some examples of these games are World of Warcraft, Everquest, or Runescape.
Live action role-playing game (LARP).
In LARP, the people play their characters themselves, much like a play. They act out the things their character does, dress like their character, and often talk in the way their character would.

Foreign_aid
Foreign aid is when one country helps another country. The country may donate money or things. It may also send people to help make better the other country. This is especially needed when a disaster happens in a poor country. Sometimes this aid comes from a country's government and sometimes from private donations. It can help the poor and needed by simply giving them food and water. Most of the time it is usually a charity which donates to the poor countries. the poor countries are mainly in India, Africa and South America.

Nelson_Mandela
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela (born 18 July, 1918) was the first President of South Africa to be elected in a fully-represented democratic election.
Mandela was born in the Transkei region of South Africa. After his father died when Nelson was 7 years old he lived with the local regent, who sent him to school. After he left Fort Hare University in 1941, he went to Johannesburg. In 1944, he helped start the African National Congress Youth League. He was soon a leader in the group. The government saw him as a threat to their policy of apartheid, and they made it very hard for him to keep leading. He was put in jail for this in 1964. In 1990, he was let out of prison after 27 years. He got the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 together with former President Frederik Willem de Klerk. Mandela was the president of South Africa from 10 May 1994 until 1999. He was considered one of South Africa's greatest leaders of all time and is respected around the world.
He wanted to free South Africa without violence, but when the government started killing and hurting protestors, he started Umkhonto we Sizwe (English: "Spear of the Nation", also MK) with Walter Sisulu and other people in the African National Congress. He admires Mahatma Ghandi and follows many of his teachings.
Mandela is a hero in South Africa and in most of the world because he helped end apartheid. He is also an example of racial equality.
"We stand here today as nothing more than a representative of the millions of our people who dared to rise up against a social system whose very essence is war, violence, racism, oppression, repression and the impoverishment of an entire people."

Everybody_Loves_Raymond
"Everybody Loves Raymond" was 1996 American television series. It starred Ray Romano. The series was a popular sitcomon the CBS network.
Overview.
Ray Romano plays Ray Barone, a sports writer. Patricia Heaton plays his wife, Debra. Ray and Deborah have a very fun set of neighbors: Ray's parents. Robert, Ray's "loser" brother, is a police officer, and is very unlucky in love. By the end of season seven, however, he finds himself married to a woman named Amy. The finale to the show aired on May 16, 2005.

Wallet
A wallet is a leather or fabric container that a person uses to hold money, credit cards, and business cards. Most men usually keep their wallet in their pockets, while women usually keep them in larger leather or fabric bags called purses.

Mary_Wollstonecraft
Mary Wollstonecraft (April 27, 1759 – September 10, 1797) was an English philosopher and early feminist. She also wrote children's books. Her two most famous books were "A Vindication of the Rights of Men" (1790), a response to the French Revolution, and "A Vindication of the Rights of Women" (1792) which argued that women should have the same rights as men did.
Wollstonecraft was married to the philosopher William Godwin, and was the mother of Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin (Mary Shelley), the author of "Frankenstein".

Molière
Molière (1622 - 1673) was a French actor, director and writer. His real name was Jean-Baptiste Poquelin, Molière was his stage name. He wrote some of the most important comedies in human history. He was born in Paris, his father owned a carpet shop. As a young person, Molière decided to live an artist's life. At the age of 21, he founded a theatre company that soon went bankrupt. From 1645 - 1658, he toured the whole of France with some of his friends. Later, king Louis XIV made Molière responsible for the entertainment at the court of Versailles near Paris. Molière was happy to have the king among his friends, because he had many enemies, especially important people in the Roman Catholic church. Molière's comedies deal with human weaknesses: jealousy, meanness, hypocrisy, fear of death. By putting his characters in ridiculous situations, Molière wants to entertain and educate his audience. One of his most important plays is Tartuffe, showing a bigot man stealing his way into a rich family. Molière's last play was "Le Malade Imaginaire", called in English "The Hypochondriac" or "The Imaginary Invalid". As in many of his comedies, Molière played the main role. He died on stage during the fourth representation. Because of his problems with the church, he was not allowed to be buried officially.

Finding_Nemo
"Finding Nemo" is the name of a Disney/Pixar animated movie which first showed in 2003. It has the voices of Albert Brooks, Alexander Gould, and Ellen Degeneres as fish. The film was directed by Andrew Stanton and co-directed by Lee Unkrich.
The movie is about Nemo, a clownfish who gets lost in the ocean around Australia. His father, Marlin, and Marlin's new friend, Dory, spend the entire movie looking for him. Nemo is eventually found.
The movie won an Oscar in 2004 for "Best Animated Film."

Evolution
In the study of life and living things, evolution is the term used to describe the way a type of living thing changes over a long period of time. "Evolution" is a scientific theory (an explanation) that is used by scientists to explain why different creatures and plants are the way that they are, and act the way that they do.
When scientists look at living creatures, they often see that changes have happened to the shape or the behaviour of a group of creatures. For example, lizards, monkeys, humans and many other creatures have five "digits" (fingers and toes) on each limb. But some creatures have four, some have three, some have two and some have only one. The creatures that have less than five digits often have a sign that they used to have more. It might be two extra little toes, too high up to walk on, or it might be just a bump on the side of the leg, where the animal's ancestors had another toe. A horse has a single hoof on each foot, a cow has two, a bird has its whole arm changed into a wing, and a human has a hand. But if we look at fossils - made when very old dead things got squashed between clay or sand, which hardened into rocks, we can see all these animals were once one type of animal: Fishes. The fossils show the animals slowly getting different from each other, and dividing into more and more types of animals. They look different now because they changed in different ways: That is evolution.
Scientists can see that changes have happened. They have happened very slowly over a long time. Scientists try to explain why these changes have happened. The idea that many scientists use to explain the changes is the "theory of evolution".
Organism.
An organism is a living thing. Organisms are all the different types of living things, including bacteria, plants, eggs, fungi, trees, insects, different kinds of animals and human beings. Scientists who study evolution are interested in looking at the changes to all sorts of different types of organism.
Traits.
Every living thing, from tiny organisms like bacteria, to plants, animals and humans, has particular "traits". The living thing is constructed (made) in a certain way; this is its physical structure or body. The physical structure "works" in a certain way; this is its "function", the way its body works. The living thing also acts in a certain way; this is its behaviour. The way that a living thing is structured, the way its body works and the way that it acts are all "traits". Some "traits" are shared by all the members of the group, but other traits are only shared by a small number.
Genetic traits.
The traits of a particular person are of two types, the ones that they inherit through their parents, and the ones that are caused by outside forces. Their height, the colour of their eyes and ability (being able to do some things) are "hereditary" (inherited through their parents). Some of a person's traits, like their scars and their haircut, are caused by outside forces. All these things are traits of a particular person, but only the "hereditary" traits are studied when looking at evolution. The hereditary traits are passed on to the person through their genes. Their genes contain the whole bundle of traits that they inherit through their parents.
Generations.
"Generation" is a word that is used in describing how traits are inherited, or passed on through a family. A "generation" is the people (or other living organism) that is on a particular level of the family tree. A person and their brothers and sisters are one generation. They have come from their parents, who are an earlier generation. The parents have come from the grandparents, who are a still earlier generation. The grandparents have come from the great-grandparents. The great-grandparents, grandparents, parents (with their brothers and sisters), and children (and their cousins) make four "generations" of a family. The genetic traits of a human family can often be studied for four generations.
Photographs of these people, all taken when each of them was the same age, would show that each family member looked a little different. This is the fact of evolution: A family, like all groups of living things, is changing from generation to generation in small ways, and these changes can add up over many generations and lead to very big differences.
Evolution.
Scientists say that "evolution" has happened when a trait that is caused by genetics becomes more or less common in a group of organisms.
The theory of evolution tries to explain all the patterns found in the entire history of living things. One part of evolution that explains a lot of what we see is due to natural selection. Natural selection says that since children are not exactly like their parents, some of them might have a trait that makes them better able to live where they live. Since they have an advantage, these children are more likely to survive. Children are more like their parents than other unrelated individuals. So the ones with a slight advantage are likely to have children with the same advantage, or might even end up with some children with a bigger advantage. After many generations in the same place, the great-great-great-great-etc. grandchildren are likely to be really good at living where they live.
These changes can happen very fast in the smaller, simpler types of living things. For example, many bacteria (a type of "germ") that cause disease can no longer be killed with some of the antibiotic medicines. But these medicines have only been in use about eighty years, and used to work. The bacteria evolved so that they aren't affected by these types of medicine anymore.
Theory.
There are two main ways that evolution works: natural selection and genetic drift.
Natural selection.
"Natural selection" explains why living organisms change over time to have the physical structure, the functions and behaviour that they have. In other words, Natural selection explains why the bodies of living things look and work the way they do, and why living things act the way they do, when compared with other creatures. It explains why fish are good at swimming and why cheetahs are good at running.
The wings of birds are good examples of evolution that is caused by the creature adapting (changing to fit in) to its environment. Many birds' wings have evolved so that they can fly in different ways, depending on their needs. Forest birds have different needs to desert birds. Vultures live where there is little food. They have to search for it over long distances. Their wings have evolved for soaring so that they do not use much energy when flying for long periods of time.
Penguins spend a lot of time in the ocean. Over time their wings evolved into flippers so that the penguins are excellent at swimming but can no longer fly. Other birds, like ostriches, live on the ground, and do not need their wings to fly. These birds can run fast, and also defend themselves. The wings got smaller. Ostriches' wings are now used only for display. The bird fluffs it wings out to make its body look bigger.
Genetic drift and how species develop.
"Genetic drift" explains how random chance can affect evolution in surprisingly big ways.
Some genetic differences don't seem to make a big difference to the success of the organism. For example, eye colour in humans has no influence on how well the person can see. Blue or brown or green eyes are all equally good. Since eye colour doesn't seem to matter, the colour that gets passed on to offspring is just random chance. It is possible that everyone in a small group could end up with only one of the possibilities (like everyone in a particular town all having blue eyes). This means that all the children of everyone in the group will have just that one possible eye colour. This can work in the same way for other traits.
Sometimes, genetic differences can become important because of changes in an organism's environment. For example, a group of animals might usually eat a particular food. That food is no longer available. The group of animals has to eat a different food. But the "chance differences" that have been caused by genetics may mean that they are not able to eat one possible new food, but are more able to eat another.
Another group of animals might have ended up with the other possible genetic differences, and so they can eat the food that the first group cannot eat. This can cause two groups that began the same to end up very different.
Two groups that start the same can also become very different if they live in different places. Elephants who lived in very cold parts of the world were hairy mammoths. Elephants from warm climates are almost hairless.
The wombats of Australia fall into two main groups, Common wombats and Hairy-nosed wombats. The two types look very similar, apart from the hairiness of their noses. However, they are adapted to different environments. Common wombats live in forested areas and eat mostly green food with lots of moisture. They often feed in the daytime. Hairy-nosed wombats live on hot dry plains where they eat dry grass with very little water or goodness in it. Their metabolic system is slow and they sleep most of the day underground.
When two groups that started the same become different enough, then they become two different species. Part of the theory of Evolution is that all living things started off the same, but then split off into different groups over billions of years.
History.
Charles Darwin wrote a book called "The Origin of Species" in 1859. In this book, Darwin described "natural selection", and put forward evidence to support his ideas. But Darwin did not understand about genetics and how traits were actually passed on. He could not correctly explain what made children look like their parents.
A monk called Gregor Mendel was very interested in breeding plants. He wanted to learn how "traits" were passed on from one generation to the next. He used peas for his experiments because some traits of peas, such as colour and shape, are easy to see. For example, some peas have white flowers and others have red ones. Some peas have green seeds and others have yellow seeds. Mendel used artificial pollination to breed the peas. From 355 artificial pollinations, he got 12.980 plant hybrids, that were not exactly the same as either of their parents. Between 1856 and 1863 he raised about 28.000 pea plants. The results of his research are still used today. His theory (idea) is known as Mendelian inheritance.
But Mendel only told a few people about his ideas, and they didn't believe him, because there was another, older theory about how traits were inherited. Around 1900, Hugo de Vries, Carl Correns, and Erich von Tschermak-Seysenegg came to the same conclusion as Mendel. They explained that things called genes were passed from parent to child. Genes are bits of information that tell how to make some tiny part of the living thing. With mammals and many other living things, a copy of each gene comes from the father and another copy from the mother. Some living organisms, including many plants and some creatures, only have one parent, so get all their genes from them. These genes produce the genetic differences that evolution acts on.
When the theory of evolution was developed, it was not clear that natural selection and genetics worked together. But Ronald Fisher showed that if you have enough genes, you can get enough differences between the living things for natural selection to work. Sewall Wright explained genetic drift in 1931. Meanwhile, J. B. S. Haldane showed that natural selection could work on single genes, and Ernst Mayr used genetic drift to explain speciation.
Scientists continue to explore evolution, and big discoveries are still being made.
Debates about evolution.
The idea that all life evolved has been hotly debated, even before Charles Darwin published "On the Origin of species". Even today, some people still talk about the concept of evolution and what it means to them, to their philosophy and their religion. Sometimes these people also talk about the social implications of evolution. This debate is mostly about the meaning of evolution, and not about how evolution works.
In order to fit in the idea of evolution with their religious views, people have come up with ideas like "guided evolution" or "theistic evolution". They say that evolution is real, but they say, that someone is guiding it in certain ways. There are many different concepts of "theistic evolution". Many creationists believe that the creation myth found in their religion goes against the idea of evolution. As Darwin found out early on, the most controversial part of the evolutionary thought is its implications for human origins.
In some countries, especially in the United States, there is tension between people who accept the idea of evolution and those who reject it. The debate is mostly about if the ideas in evolution should be taught in schools, and in what way.
Other fields, such as cosmology and earth science also conflict with the original writings of many religious texts. Evolutionary biology is opposed much more from religious believers than other groups or organizations.
Abusing evolution.
People have tried to use evolution to support racism. Evolution itself does not support racism, but people wanting to justify racism claimed that black people were inferior, and thus said that because evolution shows that, in nature, "better" animals tend to survive, leading to evolution of improved animals, that since they were clearly "better", they had the right to oppress the "weaker". But they were not actually better, so they were wrong to say this.
One way people claimed evolution could promote discrimination and racism was to say that only the "better" people should have children. The idea to improve the human species in this way is called Eugenics. One of the people who had such ideas was Francis Galton. Galton was a very bright scientist, and meant to do good.He said that the human gene pool should be improved by selective breeding policies. This would mean that those who were considered "good stock" would receive a reward if they reproduced. However, other people added to this, and said those considered "bad stock" would need to undergo compulsory sterilization, prenatal testing and birth control; and they might even have to be killed. Galton's idea got used in very bad ways. His idea was also wrong, because there's so many different skills people could have, so you couldn't tell who was "good stock" and who was "bad stock" anyway.
Another example of using wrong ideas about evolution to support bad things is "Social Darwinism". Social Darwinism is a term given to the 19th century Whig Malthusian theory started by Herbert Spencer. Spencer had ideas about "survival of the fittest", which he tried to apply to commerce and human societies as a whole. Other people used these ideas to claim that social differences, racism, and imperialism were justified. Today, most scientists and philosophers say that the theory of evolution should not be used to support such ideas. They also say that it is difficult to find data that can support them.
Controversy.
Certain people oppose the idea of evolution. They disagree with it for a number of reasons. Most often these reasons are influenced by their religious beliefs. Their beliefs are usually called creationism or intelligent design.
Despite this, evolution is one of the most successful theories in science. People have found it to be useful for different kinds of research. None of the other proposals explain things, such as fossil records, as well. So, for almost all scientists, evolution is not in doubt.
What evolution is used for today.
A big field where evolution is used is called artificial selection. This is when certain traits are picked in a population of animals. Humans have used this for thousands of years to domesticate plants and animals. More recently, such selection has become a very important part of genetic engineering. Selectable markers such as antibiotic resistance genes are used to manipulate DNA in molecular biology.
Evolution can produce highly optimized processes and networks. This has many applications in computer science. In Computer Science, evolution is only simulated with evolutionary algorithms and artificial life. The work of Nils Aall Barricelli in these fields started in the 1960s. Alex Fraser continued to work on these ideas. He published a series of papers on the simulation of artificial selection. Artificial evolution became a widely recognized optimization method as a result of the work of Ingo Rechenberg in the 1960s and early 1970s. Reichenberg used evolution strategies to solve complex engineering problems. Genetic algorithms in particular became popular through the writing of John Holland. As academic interest grew, dramatic increases in the power of computers allowed practical applications, including the automatic evolution of computer programs. Evolutionary algorithms are now used to solve multi-dimensional problems better than software produced by human designers. It can also optimize the design of systems.

Toledo,_Ohio
Toledo is a large city in Ohio, USA. It was named after Toledo, Spain. It is a large industrial city, and has many factories that make things like car parts and glass. In 1835, a fight between Ohio and Michigan began over what state the city and surrounding terroritory belonged to. It is about an hour from Detroit, Michigan. The two main highways in and out of Toledo are U.S. 24 (Detroit Boulevard, Telegraph Road) and Interstate 75. It is the 59th largest city in the United States.
In 1936, the first building covered in glass was built here.

Tobacco
Tobacco is a plant of the nightshade family, found mainly in North America and South America. Dried tobacco leaves are often smoked in cigars, cigarettes and pipes, but can also be chewed in the mouth or sniffed in the nose. Tobacco contains a very powerful chemical called nicotine which makes it very hard for tobacco users to stop using it.
History.
Native Americans used tobacco before Europeans arrived in America. These Europeans learned to smoke and brought it back to Europe, where it became very popular. At that time tobacco was usually smoked in a pipe.
The Europeans who moved to America started to farm tobacco so that they could sell it in Europe. This became one of the main causes of the African slave trade. In 1610 a European man called John Rolfe arrived in the American state of Virginia and set up a tobacco farm which made him very rich. Rolfe was the first farmer to use "nicotiana tabacum", which is the type of tobacco most commonly smoked today. He also married Pocahontas, a Native American woman who became famous when went to live in London.
In the 17th and 18th centuries tobacco made farmers very rich and towns quickly grew in the states of Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina. In 1883 one third of United States tax money came from tobacco.
Tobacco and health.
Tobacco users (especially smokers) risk many very serious and often fatal illnesses, such as cancer, strokes, heart disease, and lung disease. The United States' Centers for Disease Control and Prevention describes tobacco use as "the single most important preventable risk to human health in developed countries and an important cause of premature (early) death worldwide".
"This section is a stub. You can help by [adding to it]."

March_31
March 31 is the 90th day of the year in the Gregorian calendar (91st in leap years), with 275 days remaining.

Eagle
Eagles are large birds of prey that are related to hawks, falcons, and Old World vultures. Eagles hunt during the day and have very good eyesight.
The bald eagle is a large eagle from North America that is identified by its bright white head and tail. It is the national bird of the United States and usually eats fish.
The golden eagle is found over most of the world and it usually eats small mammals.
Sometimes, "eagle" can just mean any large hawk; as a group, eagles are not closely related to one another.
The largest eagle that has ever lived is Haast's Eagle. It is the only eagle in the world ever to have been top predator of its ecosystem. Though it is now extinct, it resided in New Zealand.

Aubrey_Beardsley
Aubrey Beardsley (August 21, 1872 – March 16, 1898) was a English illustrator. He is best known for his drawings for Oscar Wilde's Salome.

Bangkok
Bangkok (กรุงเทพมหานคร) is the capital city of the Asian country of Thailand. In 2005, the city has registered population of 6,642,566 people. In Thailand it is known as "Krung Thep" or, its full name; Krung Thep Mahanakhon Amon Rattanakosin Mahinthara Yuthaya Mahadilok Phop Noppharat Ratchathani Burirom Udomratchaniwet Mahasathan Amon Piman Awatan Sathit Sakkathattiya Witsanukam Prasit

Scandinavia
Scandinavia is a large peninsula in the northern Europe at the northern side of Baltic Sea. Norway and Sweden,Finland are in the Scandinavian peninsula, and Denmark is often said to be in Scandinavia too. Scandinavia is a part of a bigger peninsula Fennoscandia.
The Scandinavian Peninsula is scarcely populated and covered with large forests of pine, birch, and spruce. In the western and northern parts there are mountains; the Scandinavian mountains are some of the oldest in the world. The tallest mountain is Galdhøpiggen in Norway.
Denmark is the smallest of the Scandinavian countries. The population is more dense, and most of the land is farmland. Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
Scandinavia is a part of the Nordic Countries, which also includes Iceland and Finland. These five countries coordinate political and cultural activities through the Nordic Council. Denmark, Finland, and Sweden are members of the EU.
The Scandinavian languages are closely related, and most Scandinavians are able to understand all the languages. They belong to the same group of languages as German and English.
All three countries still have their own currency, which in all the countries are called "krone" or "krona". One "krone" is 100 "øre" or "öre". The value of one "krone" is approximately 10-15 euro-cent.

Kuwait
Kuwait is a small country (about 17,819 square kilometers) in the Middle East.
It has a small and rich economy. It has about 96 billion barrels of crude oil reserves. Crude oil reserves are the oil that is still under the ground and has not yet been cleaned up. Kuwait has 10% of all of the oil reserves in the world. The country makes a lot of money by selling oil. This money is almost half of all the money the country makes. The oil money is also 95% of the money made by selling things to different countries (people call that exports). Also, the oil money is 80% of the money the government makes. Kuwait is now talking with oil companies of other countries to make oil fields in the northern part of the country.
Kuwait's weather makes farming hard (too little rain). Instead of farming, the country catches fish and buys food from other countries. About 75% of the country's water to drink has to be distilled (have the salt removed) or purchased from other countries.
In 1990, Iraq invaded (brought an army in to fight against) Kuwait. This started the first Gulf War.
Kuwait's official religion is Islam, although 15% of its population are Christian or Hindu. Arabic is mostly spoken in Kuwait but English is wide-spread among Kuwaitis (residents of Kuwait). Kuwait is one of the few nations that has education for every age.
Population (in thousands) for 2004 2595.
CDR (per 1000) for 2004 1.9. Growth Rate(%) for 1992-2002 2.1. the Total Fertility Rate for 2002 is 2.7. Percent population is living in urban in 2003 96.2.Per capita gross national income ($) 2002 612. Population Density(per square kilometer) in 2000 107.4
Infant Mortality Rate (per 1000)for 2005 9.95. Adult literacy rate (85%) female literacy rate (81%) (2002).

404
Centuries: 4th century - 5th century - 6th century
Decades: 350s 360s 370s 380s 390s - 400s - 410s 420s 430s 440s 450s
Years: 399 400 401 402 403 - 404 - 405 406 407 408 409

Boston,_Massachusetts
Boston is the capital city of Massachusetts in the United States. It was founded in 1630. Boston is one of the oldest, wealthiest and most culturally important cities in the United States.
History.
Boston was founded on November 17, 1630, by Puritan colonists from England Boston's early European settlers called the area "Trimountaine" (Three Mountains). They renamed the town for Boston, England, in Lincolnshire because many important "Pilgrim" colonists came from there. Most of Boston's early citizens were Puritans. Shortly after Boston's settlement, Puritans created America's first public school and America's first university, Harvard University (1636). Until the 1760s, Boston was America's largest city.
During the early 1770s, The British tried to control the thirteen colonies with taxes. This made people from Boston start the American Revolution. The Boston Massacre, the Boston Tea Party, and several early battles happened in or near the city.
Towers.
The tallest towers in Boston are the Prudential Tower and the John Hancock Tower.

Alabama
Alabama is a state in the United States. Its capital city is Montgomery. The largest city is Birmingham. One beach in Alabama is Gulf Shores. Another is Orange Beach.
History.
Alabama became a state in 1819.
Control.
The governor of Alabama is Bob Riley, Republican.
Pop culture.
The song "Sweet Home Alabama" by American band Lynyrd Skynyrd is dedicated to this state. Sweet Home Alabama is a film that features Reese Witherspoon.
See also.
List of counties in Alabama

Gregg_Allman
Gregg Allman (born December 8, 1947) is a rock musician. He was a member of the Allman Brothers Band with his brother, Duane Allman, which popularized Southern Rock in the 1970s. He married Cher, a well-known pop singer and actress after she divorced Sonny Bono in 1974. They had a son, Elijah Blue Allman, before divorcing in 1979. He continues to perform with his band Gregg Allman and Friends and resides in Georgia with his family.

Silversword
The Silversword plant grows only at high elevations on the Island of Maui in Hawaii.
The silversword is a noticeable, round-shaped rosette plant with rigid (swordlike), succulent leaves densely covered by silver hairs. When a plant flowers at the end of its life, it produces a spectacular flowering stalk 0.5-2.0 m (1.6-6.4 ft) tall, typically with hundreds of maroon sunflowerlike flower heads. This plant receives more attention from visitors to Haleakala National Park than any other plant or animal because of its striking appearance and restricted distribution.
The strikingly beautiful Haleakala silversword has always aroused the curiosity of human visitors to Haleakala Volcano. In pre-park days, plants were often removed by travelers to Haleakala Volcano as proof that the party had reached the summit, a practice that eventually seriously affected the silversword population. Browsing by feral goats and domestic cattle was also a significant factor in the silversword decline, but it was not a species preferred by these animals. By the 1920's, silversword numbers were so depleted that the Maui Chamber of Commerce sent a petition to Washington, DC, requesting that a serious effort be made to save the species (Loope and Crivellone 1986).

Erfurt
Erfurt is the capital of the state of Thuringia with an area of. It is a big town, with a population of 202,450 people.

Pipeline
A pipeline is a long tube, normally made of metal. It is used to move something (normally a liquid) from one end to the other. Oil is moved through networks of pipelines.
A "pipeline" is also something having to do with surfing.

Anglo-Saxon
Anglo-Saxons were a tribe of Germanic people. They were the main ancestors of the English people and nation.
The Anglo-Saxons settled in England after Roman rule there failed. Early historians wrote that they were first invited by the Romano-British King Vortigern, who needed help fighting the Picts and Scots.
Origin.
The Saxons, a Germanic tribe, settled in England in the late 5th century. Their settlements became the kingdoms of Sussex (South Saxons), Wessex (West Saxons), and Essex (East Saxons). Another closely related tribe that settled was the Angles, who gave their name to England ("Angle-land"). Their settlements in the eastern, central, and northern parts of the country later became the kingdoms of East Anglia, Mercia, and Northumbria. A third tribe, the Jutes, are usually included with Anglo-Saxons also. They are believed to have settled the Isle of Wight area and what later became the kingdom of Kent.
When they first crossed from the main continent, the Anglo-Saxon tribes worshipped the Germanic gods similar to the ones of Norse mythology, but the kingdoms began to become Christian from around 100 to 200 years later.
In time, the Anglo-Saxons had seven separate kingdoms, known as the heptarchy, and these were gradually united by Alfred the Great and the following kings to become England.
Name.
The word "Anglo-Saxon" comes from the Latin "Anglo-Saxones". The Saxons called themselves "Seaxe", and the Angles called themselves "Anglecynn" or "Anglefolc". These peoples later became known as the "English". The name "Anglo-Saxons" is especially used to mean the people of England before the Norman Conquest in 1066, and their language, also known as Old English. In modern times, "Anglo-Saxon" has also been used to mean the English people in every country.

Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer
"Buffy the Vampire Slayer" was an American television series. It is about a girl who fought vampires and other monsters. It was written by Joss Whedon. He based it on a movie with the same title that he wrote. The movie came out in 1992 and starred Kristy Swanson, Luke Perry, Donald Sutherland, and Paul Reubens. The television series has many fans. It was originally shown from 1997 until 2003.
The main idea of the series is the opposite of what is the normal Hollywood idea about horror. In traditional Hollywood horror stories, the young blonde girl is always the weakest character. She is always the one that needs to be saved. She is often the first one to die. In "Buffy", Whedon changed that. He changed that girl into the person with all the power. He changed her into the hero. Many of the monsters and storylines on the series are symbols of real-life problems faced by teenagers. As Whedon has said, "Highschool is a horror movie."
"Buffy the Vampire Slayer" was first shown on March 10, 1997 on the WB network. It was a very important part of the Warner Bros. television network in its early years.
After five seasons, the series left the WB and went to the United Paramount Network (UPN) for its last two seasons. In the United Kingdom, the entire series was shown on Sky One and BBC2. The BBC showed the series at two different times. A family-friendly version with violence and bad language cut out was shown early in the evening and an unedited version was shown later at night. Sky One did something similar. It showed an edited version in the after-noon and the uncut version at prime-time. From the fourth season onwards, the BBC showed the series in anamorphic 16:9 widescreen format, but Whedon said that "Buffy" was never supposed to be watched this way.
The Slayer.
The Slayer or Chosen One is a girl who kills vampires. She had superhuman strength and speed. She also heals very fast. It is her destiny to fight evil demons, mainly vampires. When the Slayer dies, a new girl is chosen. That girl gets all of the powers of the Slayer. Potentials (girls who might be chosen - "potential slayers") are trained from an early age by a "Watcher". In this series, Buffy Summers, Kendra Young, and Faith Lehane were the main slayers.
Plot.
The main character was Buffy Summers. She was played by Sarah Michelle Gellar. Buffy was an ordinary high school student in the fictional city of Sunnydale, California, except for being a "vampire slayer." Buffy's Watcher was a British man named Giles. With the help of Giles and her friends, Xander and Willow, Buffy fought a different monster every episode.
Buffy and her friends went to school at Sunnydale High School. They appear normal to their families while killing vampires and monsters at night.
Not all vampires were evil in the series. One vampire was named Angel. He was given his soul back by a gypsy curse. The curse would make him lose his soul and become evil again if he became really happy. He and Buffy fell in love. The curse took his soul away when they had sexual intercourse for the first time. This caused Angel to become evil. When Angel got back his soul, he knew that he and Buffy could not be together because he might lose it again. Angel left Sunnydale and went to Los Angeles. The television series "Angel" tells the story of what happened to him after he left.
Buffy Summers.
Buffy Anne Summers (played by Sarah Michelle Gellar) is "the Slayer," one in a long line of young women chosen to fight evil. She is blonde and beautiful and she is a normal cheerleading girl at the start of the movie. Being the Slayer gave her increased strength, endurance, agility and healing. She also had greater intuition, and some ability of clairvoyance, usually in the form of dreams that tell the future. She was born January 19, 1981 and grew up in Los Angeles, California. Buffy died two times in the normal series. There have also been magical times that she died in, but these periods of time were stopped and do not affect normal times. The first time she died, she drowned and was brought back to life with CPR. The second time, magic was used to bring her back to life.
Rupert Giles.
Rupert "Ripper" Giles (played by Anthony Stewart Head) is Buffy's Watcher. He was an Englishman. He was Buffy's second Watcher. Her first watcher was killed in the movie version of the story but this fact is not talked about in the series. Unlike most slayers, it was not known that Buffy was a potential slayer at an early age. When she was chosen, the Watcher's council sent a watcher to help her. When he died, the Council sent Giles to Sunnydale to become her watcher. In the past, Giles used magic and had a lot of knowledge about demons and vampires.
Willow Rosenberg.
Willow Rosenberg (played by Alyson Hannigan) was Buffy's schoolmate and best friend. She was very smart and good with computers. During the series, she learned more and more about magic. She found out that she is very good at magic and became a powerful witch. Willow fell in love with another witch, Tara Maclay. When Tara was killed, Willow tried to destroy the world, but Xander stopped her.
Xander Harris.
Alexander Lavelle "Xander" Harris (played by Nicholas Brendon) was another good friend of Buffy. It was said many times during the series that Xander was the person in the group who had no special powers at all, but still fought as much as everyone else. Xander was often the character the writers used for comic moments.
Dawn Summers.
Dawn Summers (played by Michelle Trachtenberg) was a magical object that was turned into a person and Buffy's sister. At first, Dawn had the special ability to open the way to a hell dimension. After Buffy's death closed that way, Dawn 's only special abilities was being very good with languages and a very fast learner. She could have made a very good Watcher.
Anya Jenkins.
Anya Christina Emmanuella Jenkins, or Anyanka, or Aud (played by Emma Caulfield) was an 1100 year old Vengence demon. She was born with the name Aud somewhere in Scandinavia during the 9th century. She became a vengeance demon after casting a magic spell on her lover, Olaf. The spell turned him into a troll. Anya spent the next 1100 years as Anyanka. As a vengeance demon, she would use magic to give a wish to a woman who had been treated wrong by a man. Anyaka lost her powers during a wish she cast for Cordiela Chase. When the wish was ended, Anyanka was trapped in the human body of 17 year old Anya.Anya and xander got together after graduation and later were engaged. But xander left her at the wedding.
Angel.
Angel (played by David Boreanaz) was an Irish vampire first named Liam. He was born in 1727, in Galway, Ireland. After being turned into a vampire in 1753, he spent the next 145 year creating terror as "Angelus" (face of an angel). In 1898, he killed the daughter of gypsies. As punishment, the Gypsies returned Angelus human soul to him. This caused him to have to feel all the pain he had caused. Angelus went to the United States and lived on the streets. He stopped killing people to drink their blood because with a soul he knew it was wrong. He lived a very poor life drinking the blood of rats until a messenger from the Powers That Be took him to California to show him Buffy. He fell in love with her and changed his life so he could help her. Buffy fell in love with angel but he turned evil after she gave him one true moment of happiness(after they had sex). Then he turned into Angelus and when he was finally changed back(after months,by willow)
buffy stabbed him in order to once again save the world by closing acaphla(against her feelings of love for him).
Cordelia Chase.
Cordelia "Cordy" Chase (played by Charisma Carpenter) went to with Buffy. She was a cheerleader who only thought of herself. She would help Buffy every now and then, but most often was the one that needed help.
Spike.
Spike, or William the Bloody, (played by James Marsters) was an English vampire. He was born in London around 1853. He was turned into a vampire in 1880 by Drusilla, a pretty vampire created by Angelus. He spent the next 20 years with Angelus, Drucilla and Darla as they killed throughout Europe and Asia. After Angelus got his soul back and left, Spike and Drucilla continued for 100 years before going to Sunnydale to try and find him. Later, Spike fell in love with Buffy. He fought a demon to get his soul back and helped save the world in the last episode. He was sent, by the necklace he wore,to Angel.
Riley Finn.
Riley Finn was a member of a secret part of American military.
During the day, he was a helper to a professor at Sunnydale University. At night, he lead a military team that hunted and captured demons. He had increased strength and endurance, but he was not as strong as Buffy. he gave buffy an ultimatum and last minute she decided on him. But when she got to his helicopter they had already taken off and he didnt see her. when he comes back in a later episode buffy finds out that he is married.
Faith Lehane.
Faith Lehane (played by Eliza Dushku) was a vampire slayer. Buffy's first death caused Kendra Young to be chosen as the Slayer. When Kendra died, Faith was chosen. Faith is in many ways the opposite of Buffy. While Buffy had family and friends for support, Faith was alone. Faith tried to fight evil, but later chose to be evil instead. In the end, Faith learns from her mistakes and helps Buffy in her fight.
Oz.
Daniel "Oz" Osborne (played by Seth Green) was a musician and werewolf. He was Willow's first boyfriend. For three nights each month, Oz would change shape. If he was not put into a cage or locked up, he would roam Sunnydale from the time the sun set until it came up again in the morning. Being a werewolf gave him increased strength, endurance and healing. As a werewolf, his mind was similar to an animal and not a human.
Whedon's Trademarks.
Joss Whedon uses several themes throughout his works. These are often found in the writing done for "Buffy".

Proton
A proton is part of an atom. Protons are vital for the existence of atoms and even our life. They are contained in the nucleus of an atom (the center of the atom) along with neutrons. The periodic table groups atoms according to how many protons they have. Protons are made of quarks. A proton is believed to be made up of 3 quarks, two up quarks and one down quarks. One down quark has a charge of -1/3, and two up quarks have a charge of +2/3. This adds to a charge of +1. A proton has a very small mass. The mass is about one atomic mass unit. In any one element, the number of protons is the same. An atom's atomic number is equal to the number of protons in that atom.

Peugeot
Peugeot is a French company. They make cars, vans, motorcycles and scooters in France.
Peugeot 605.
The "Peugeot 605" is the name of a car. This was a full-size car. It was made between 1989 and 1999 after the company stopped the production of Peugeot 505. After this, the company made a smaller car named Peugeot 405, and a bigger car named Peugeot 605. The Peugeot is a car of the luxury-family car class.
Peugeot 306.
The Peugeot 306 is the name of a car that started being made in 1993 and stopped being made in 2002. It was a small, family car. There were several verities of this car: from the slowest version, the 1.4, all the way up to the fastest version which was called the GTI-6.
The Peugeot 306 also came in a diesel veriety, which many people see as an important step in bringing economical diesel oil powered car to people. This version came in 1.8 litre, 1.9 litre, and 1.9 litre turbocharged versions. In 1999, Peugeot replaced these diesel engines with the 2.0 litre HDI engine which was better at saving fuel than all the other engines.
Current Vehicles.
Peugeot 107, 206, 207, 307, 308, 407, 607, 807, 1007, 4007 and the Partner
Peugeot Bipper, Expert, Boxer, Partner Van, 207 Van and the Bipper

Hospital
A hospital is a place a person goes to be healed when he or she is sick or injured. Doctors and nurses work at hospitals.

Arles
Arles is a city in the south of France. It was started in the 6th century BC by the Greeks. Now about 50,000 people live there. In the 1880s, the famous painters, Vincent van Gogh and Paul Gauguin lived there. Vincent van Gogh painted his famous Sunflowers in Arles.

Anti-tank_dog
Anti-tank dogs were dogs with explosives placed on their backs. While morally wrong, These dogs were trained to run under enemy tanks. The explosives were then remotely detonated in order to destroy the target tank.
These dogs were trained by the Soviet Union during World War II to be used against German armored vehicles. They were trained on Russian tanks, which used diesel fuel. In battle, the dogs often ran toward the smell of diesel fuel from the Soviet tanks instead of the intended German targets.
The German Army soon learned of the use of dogs as anti-tank weapons, so all Russian dogs were shot on sight by the Germans, who feared that the dogs might be carrying explosives. Very few dogs remained in the Eastern Front as a result of this.
After the war better weapons against tanks were made. Therefore, it is unlikely that anti-tank dogs will ever be used again.

Fact
A fact is something that is true or real, or something that can be shown to be true or real.
A fact is something correct.
Facts and Opinions.
A fact is not the same as an opinion. An opinion is perceived and assumed to be true, but without proof or evidence. The Scientific Method is a means by which an opinion may be tested. However, not all opinions are testable and therefore may not be known to be true and remain merely an opinion until such time as a means to verify their truth is devised.

Beirut
Beirut is the capital of Lebanon. It is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities of the world. It is situated on a hilly promontory on the eastern Mediterranean surrounded to the east by the snow-capped mountains of Lebanon. It is the cultural center of the Arab World and a major international financial, banking and media center.

January_16
January 16 is the 16th day of the year in the calendar system we currently use. In a non-leap year, there are 349 days after January 16. In a leap year, there are 350 days after January 16.

Cheetah
A cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus") is a large feline that lives in Africa. It is the fastest land animal and can run at up to 110 kilometres per hour for a short time.
Appearance.
Cheetahs have short yellow fur with small black spots. They are thin and slender, and their heads are small and round. On their face, they have a black line that goes from each eye to their mouth. They are weaker than other big cats and animals that live in the same area.
There are also cheetahs with a different fur, called a King Cheetah. These cheetahs have bigger spots and also stripes on their fur, because of a mutation.
Habitat.
Most cheetahs live in Africa, but very few can be found in South Asia. They live in the savannas.
Life.
Cheetahs are active during the day, and hunts in the early morning or late evening. They hunt and eat mostly gazelles and other animals that are not very heavy or strong. They also eat small mammals and birds if they are very hungry.
When the cheetah hunts, it slowly and secretly moves toward its prey. When it is close to the prey (about 10-30 meters), it runs after it very fast. The cheetah makes the prey trip, so that it falls down. The cheetah then bites the throat of the prey, so that it dies because it cannot breathe. The cheetah then eats as fast as it can, because it cannot defend itself against lions or hyenas who would take the cheetah's prey away.
After a pregnancy of about 95 days the female gives birth to usually 1 - 3 babies. Young cheetahs become mature at about 3 years. Cheetahs can live to be 15 years old.

February_27
February 27 is the 58th day of the year in the Gregorian Calendar. There are 307 days remaining, 308 in leap years.

March_23
March 23 is the 82nd day of the year in the Gregorian calendar (83rd in leap years). There are 283 days remaining.

Transgender
Transgender is a term used to describe people who may act, feel, think, or look different from the gender that they were born with. The word transgender is used to include many groups of people who share one important "trait" (a way of feeling or behaving) but may not be the same in other ways. The common trait for transgender people is that they call themselves "transgender" and feel that their given gender is not quite right. Sometimes the word "transgender" is also used by people who prefer it to the word "transsexual".
The picture in the introduction shows, as an example, a person at a transgender rally in Paris. This person has chosen to dress as a female, but she shows by the sign on her hand that she has XY chromosomes. This means she was born with male gender.
Definitions.
Because the word "transgender" is used to cover a wide variety of people, it is called an "umbrella" word. Many different types of people think of themselves as "transgender". Many different types of people are called "transgender". Different English speakers define words in different ways. For these reasons, the term "trans people" is often used.
These definitions are important to help understand that what people look like outside (sex) is not always the same as how they feel inside (gender.) Some people do not fit well into the "gender binary" idea. People who are transgender usually want to be called by the pronoun (ze, he or she among others) that matches their gender identity, so this article will do that.
History.
People like those who, in modern Western societies, are now identified as transgender or transsexual, have existed in many cultures and for thousands of years. However, only in the last century, has science and medicine been able to meet some of the needs for bodily change of trans people who want to change their body.
People who have traits that are different from the gender they are born with, have been accepted in some societies, both historically and now. For example, some Native American tribes accepted "two-spirit" people. Similarly a Tongan person born with a male body who acts and dresses in a female way is known in the local dialect as a "fakaleiti".
The "hijra" in India are born physically male, but they socialize and act as if they are women in many ways. In the past they used to castrate themselves and even remove the penis in order to urinate through a small hole. Now, with the arrival of western medicine, many hijari choose to take hormone therapies and sometimes have surgery to change their physical gender. Many of these people still call themselves "hijari", but some now call themselves "transsexuals" or "transgender women". All of these people were and are accepted in their society and many have special roles in their society.
In Western Society, there have often been people who have chosen to act and dress in a way that was not gender specific, or was not that of the gender they were born with. Cross dressing actors were very popular in the theatre of the late 19th century.
An example of a transgender person is the 19th century military surgeon who was known as James Barry. It is now believed that Barry was born female but disguised her gender all her adult life. Barry's work, which saved, and helped thousands of lives by improving treatment of wounds to stop amputations, would not have been possible, as a woman, because as a female she could neither attend medical school or enter the army.
A 20th century example of a transgender person is Jan Morris, a geographer, explorer and journalist, who began life as James Morris. As "James", Morris married and had children, but felt female and eventually became Jan Morris.
T and LGBT.
Transgender people are not always accepted in every society. They can suffer discrimination, violence, and even murder. Transgender people have fought for and have gained many rights and protections in some societies. In many places the fight for transgender rights is associated with the fight for homosexual and bisexual rights. Together these groups are sometimes called by the acronym "LGBT" for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender.
Unfortunately, like all political relationships, this is not always peaceful. Some transgender people do not want to be part of the gay, lesbian, and bisexual community. They may see themselves as 'straight' (heterosexual) and not feel like they belong with homosexual people. Some gay, lesbian, and bisexual people do not want to be part of the transgender community. They may see transgender people as strange or bad and worry that the rest of society will see homosexuals in that same way if transgender people are included in LGBT. However, homosexual and transgender people often have some of the same problems in society. So many gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people try to work together to solve all of their problems.
Medical care.
Transgender people who wish to take medicine and have surgery to change their bodies face several problems. In order to change their bodies, they must have doctors who are willing to help them and make the changes. They sometimes cannot do this because doctors will not help them. They may also not be able to do this because even if a doctor would treat them, they may not be able to afford the medicine or surgery.
Disease versus difference.
Many transgender people do not like being labeled as having a disease. They do not feel being transgender is an illness or disease. They see it as a 'harmless trait' like being homosexual or left-handed.
However, many transgender people depend on this diagnosis. For some people, they can only get medical and surgical treatment paid for by their government if it is to 'treat a disease.' So if it is not a disease, they will not get the medicines and surgery they need. Also, some laws protect people from discrimination if they have a disease. If transgender people do not have a disease, they do not get this protection.
This argument still goes on in both the transgender community and in the medical community that treats them.
Legal problems.
Transgender people have problems with laws and regulations about sex. To be seen and treated as the sex they wish, transgender people usually have to change their first name. They also may want to change their identity documents to say the correct sex. For example, a transgender woman may wish to change her birth certificate or driving license to say her new female name and to say that she is a female.
These changes can protect transgender people from discrimination. For example, transgender woman who have been raped may not be allowed to go to a rape crisis center for care unless her identity papers say she is a female. These changes can also be necessary for transgender people to be allowed to marry their spouses in places where it is illegal for homosexual people to marry. These changes can even protect transgender people from violence. Some people may be revealed to be transgender because their identity papers do not match how they look. Being revealed as transgender can put people in danger in some places because of transphobia (fear and misunderstanding of transgender people.)
Unfortunately, in many places this is hard or impossible for transgender people to change their identity documents. This is changing, however. Recently the United Kingdom passed the. This act allows people to have their change of sex officially recognized. Once changed, they have all the rights, privileges, and responsibilities of their new gender.

Minesweeper
Minesweeper is a strategy game that comes with most Microsoft computer operating systems. It is available for many other operating systems and desktop environments as well. The object of the game is to clear a minefield of mines. By clicking on bricks, the player learns if the brick contains a bomb. If they do not see a bomb, the game continues. When the player clicks on a brick, a number may appear. The number shows how many bombs are next to this square. This helps the player find out where the bombs are.
The game is won when every brick that does not contain a bomb has been clicked.

Contraction
A contraction is a word used instead of two words to shorten them. For example, the contraction "can't" means "can not". An apostrophe takes the place of the letter that was in the words. For example, an apostrophe goes in place of the o in "not" when "do not" is shortened to "don't".

König_von_Deutschland
"König von Deutschland", in English "King of Germany", is a song by Rio Reiser. It was written in 1975 while Rio was a member of Ton Steine Scherben. The song was only recorded 1986 on the album "Rio I.", however it was heard at Ton Steine Scheiben concerts since at least 1976. Rio Reiser himself is sometimes nicknamed 'King of Germany' because of this song.
The song was later published again with a modified song text. "König von Deutschland (Best of)" is also the name of his best-of album of 1994.
A number of cover versions of the song exist, among them songs from Bela B. (Die Ärzte), and Wizo.
Song text.
Today the song text is part of the traditional culture of Germany. It does not matter whether the song text is modified - in fact one can find an intention for modification so that the song text does better match with a current political situation. (Ton Steine Scherben was punk band with radical political songs - after its dissolution (i.e. break-up) Rio made a number of sarcastic (i.e. biting-funny) pop songs that made fun of the situation).

Chicago,_Illinois
Chicago is the largest city in Illinois, USA. It is the third largest city in the United States, although it used to be the second largest. Chicago is next to one of the five Great Lakes, Lake Michigan. In the 2000 census, almost 2,900,000 people lived there, with six million more people living nearby. Chicago is also about 90 miles south of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Chicago is sometimes called the "Windy City".
Richard M. Daley is the mayor. His father was also mayor of Chicago for many years.
Culture.
Chicago has a very well-known culture. Some of the many things Chicago is famous for are: Chicago-style hot dogs, Chicago-style (deep dish) pizza, Maxwell Street Polish Sausage, jazz music, and 1920s gangsters like Al Capone. Chicago is also known for interesting architecture like the Sears Tower, many museums, and many loyal sports fans.
For many years, the Sears Tower was the tallest building in the world. It is still the tallest building in the United States.
Sports.
Sports are a big part of the cultural life in Chicago. Chicago is home to 15 sports teams. All of the city's major sports teams play within the city limits.
Chicago is one of only three cities in the United States to have two Major League Baseball teams: the Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Cubs. The White Sox play at the U.S. Cellular Field and the Cubs play at Wrigley Field. The White Sox won the World Series in 2005.
Chicago's National Basketball Association (NBA) team is the Chicago Bulls. For many years, Michael Jordan played for the Bulls and he helped them win six Championships during the 1990s.
In American football, Chicago is the home of the Chicago Bears (National Football League) and the Chicago Rush (Arena Football League).
Chicago has two ice hockey teams, the Chicago Blackhawks (who play for the National Hockey League) and the Chicago Wolves (who play for the American Hockey League).
Chicago also has a Major League Soccer team, the Chicago Fire.
Travel.
Many people and things travel through Chicago to get to other places. Chicago has a complex network of trains and buses, which help people who live in Chicago travel across the city. Chicago's train system is called the Metra. It runs within the city and also into the suburbs that are around Chicago. The Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) is a system of buses and elevated trains (called the 'L') that run inside the city.
O'Hare International Airport, one of the busiest airports in the world, is a major center for air travel. Chicago has another airport called Midway Airport. Many trains use Chicago as a place to change loads and to change directions. There is also a canal between Lake Michigan and the Mississippi River.

Koblenz
Koblenz is a city in northern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany with about 107,000 inhabitants. It is the third biggest city in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate and one of its main centres. Koblenz is the base of the Campus Koblenz of the University of Koblenz-Landau and the seat of the Mayen-Koblenz municipality.
Geography.
Koblenz is situated at the meeting of the Rhine and Moselle rivers, between Bonn (downstream the Rhine) and Mainz (upstream the Rhine). Parts of Koblenz belong to a UNESCO World Heritage site.

Kermit_the_Frog
Kermit the Frog is a Muppet created by Jim Henson. Kermit was Henson's trademark fictional character. He was originally performed by Henson himself. Since Henson's death, Kermit has been performed by Steve Whitmire.
Kermit has appeared on many TV shows including "Sesame Street", "The Muppet Show", and "Muppet Babies". Kermit has also appeared in several films and has been a guest speaker.

Malleability
Malleability is a physical property of matter, usually metals. This property usually applies to the family groups 1 to 12 on the Modern Periodic Table of Elements. It is the ability of a solid to bend or be hammered into other shapes without breaking. Examples of malleable metals are gold, iron,copper (to a degree) and lead. Think of the word "mallet"

Explorer
An Explorer is a person who explores, or looks for something new. Most explorers are famous for finding new places or going to places that people did not know much about, such as Christopher Columbus, who discovered the Americas, or Marco Polo, who traveled to China and amazed many people with his stories of it.

Ben_Stein
Ben Stein (November 25, 1944) is an American attorney, political consultant, writer, actor, comedian, and TV personality.
He was a lawyer, then speech writer for Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. He went into show business helping some liberal writers write accurate portrayals of conservatives for a TV show. He soon turned to acting, he landed his most famous role as a boring teacher in the movie "Ferris Bueller's Day Off". He was also the main person in the 2008 movie. His nerdy appearance and dead-pan manner have made him a popular fixture on movies and TV till this day, from 1997 to 2003 he had his own game show, Win Ben Stein's Money, he also wrote many books, had articles that appeared in popular magazines and newspapers. He is also spokesperson for a product named "Clear Eyes".

Utah
Utah is a state in the United States. The capital and largest city is Salt Lake City.
Utah is bordered by Idaho and Wyoming in the north and Colorado in the east. It touches a single point or New Mexico to the southeast. Utah is bordered by Arizona in the south, and by Nevada in the west. It covers an area of 84,899 square miles (219,887km²).

Sir_Mix-A-Lot
Sir Mix-a-Lot (born Anthony Ray on August 12, 1963) is an American rapper and producer.
His style of music is called "hip-hop." He is from Seattle, Washington, and he is most famous for his hit song "Baby Got Back". That song has catchy phrases and cheap humor, and it talks about liking big butts. This made it popular in the United States during the 1990s.
Sir Mix-a-Lot is not actually a peer of the realm but has assumed the title 'Sir' for humourous or ironic effect.

Michael_Nesmith
Michael Nesmith is an American musician, songwriter, actor, producer, novelist, businessman and philanthropist.
He was born in Dallas, Texas on December 30, 1942. His mother, Bette Nesmith Graham invented Liquid Paper in 1951 and made the family very rich. In the 1960s, he moved to Los Angeles to start a recording career, he wrote the song "Different Drum" which was a hit for Linda Ronstadt and the Stone Poneys. In 1966, he became a member of the Monkees, a made-for-TV rock band, he left the group in 1969 and started a solo career. He is considered one of the forefathers of the country-rock movement of the 1970s with his song "Joanne", he also worked as a producer and is considered one of the pioneers of the music video industry. Nesmith's 1981 video-film "Elephant Parts" won the first Grammy award for a music video

Vishnu
Vishnu is one of the three main gods in Hinduism. Vaishnavas believe that Vishnu is the highest God. Vishnu is the preserver god, which means he protects the earth from being destroyed, according to this religion, and he has come to earth in nine forms (called avataras) so far, with one yet to come. His most famous forms are Rama and Krishna. Vishnu's wife is Lakshmi, the Hindu goddess of fortune.
Vishnu is usually shown with light blue skin and four arms.

Marsupial
Marsupials are a type of mammals. This group is also called "Marsupialia" or "Metatheria".
They give birth to living babies and they feed their babies milk. But their babies are born very young and very small. Marsupials have a special pouch where they carry their babies. After the birth the baby goes into its mother's pouch, where it can drink milk and is kept warm and safe. When the babies are very young they stay in the pouch all the time, but when they are older they can leave it for short times. When they are old enough and too big for the pouch they do not go into their mother's pouch anymore.

Lyndon_B._Johnson
Lyndon B. Johnson (August 27, 1908 – January 22, 1973) was the 36th president of the United States. He is probably best known for increasing U.S. involvement in Vietnam.
Johnson took over the presidency when President Kennedy was killed in November 1963.

Sony
Sony is a technology company, based in Japan, which makes many electric products. Among its most popular products is the video game console PlayStation, which was followed by PlayStation 2, and now the PlayStation 3. They also sold the Walkman invented by Andreas Pavel - a small music cassette tape player that can fit in your pocket - they later made Walkman systems that could play CDs, MiniDiscs or MP3s instead of tapes, and they often could receive radio too.
The company also makes music players, televisions, headsets, mobile phones (Sony Ericsson) and computers (named Sony Vaio), and game players (Playstation).
It owns the American movie studios, Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures, through Sony Pictures.
History.
Sony began its activity from a department store in Tokyo. At that time, 1946, the store was damaged by bombs. One engineer and one physicist invested a capital of about $1,600 to create a company which would include 20 employees. The name of the engineer was Masaru Ibuka and the name of the physicist was Akio Morita. People working in their new company repaired electrical equipment. Later they started creating their own products.
The company achieved success in 1954, when it received license that allowed producing transistors. Although transistors were already created in United States, they were not used in production of radios. Sony produced its first transistor radio in May of 1954.
From that period Sony started leading in the field of electronics. Its revolutionary devices included: Trinitron Color Television, created in 1968; color video cassette, produced in 1971 as well as the world's first home video system, created in 1975. Other revolutionary inventions of Sony include: 1979 – Walkman; 1981 – Electronic camera; 1982 – CD player; 1983 – Camcorder and the list continuous with many other devices. One of the most popular Sony products was Sony PlayStation, created in 1995. With its help Sony became the leader in videogames.
In 45 years Sony has grown from a small firm, employing 20 workers, to a multinational corporation, employing about 100,000 workers. The company created its American branch in 1960 and its UK branch in 1968. In recent years the company focused on leadership in software and hardware. Sony acquired, in 1988, CBS Records and formed Sony Music Entertainment. A year later the company bought Columbia Pictures to create Sony Pictures Entertainment.

International
International means between the countries. If something is international, it has to do with more than one country. The news often has international stories. Transport services may use it to say they can go to other countries. A company that does Business in more than one country is an international company.

Scott_Bakula
Scott Bakula (October 9, 1954) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles on the television shows, "Quantum Leap" and '.

Henrietta_Maria_of_France
Henrietta Maria of France (November 25, 1609 - September 10, 1669) was the youngest daughter of Henry IV of France. She was born in the Louvre Palace in Paris on November 25, 1609. She was a Roman Catholic.
Henrietta Maria married Charles I and became the Queen of England.

Jane_Seymour
Jane Seymour (c. 1508 or 1509 – October 24, 1537) was the third wife of King Henry VIII of England. She should not be confused with the actress who uses the same name.
Biography.
Jane Seymour was the child of John Seymour and Margaret Wentworth. She was a lady-in-waiting to Catherine of Aragon, the first wife of Henry VIII. When Henry divorced his first wife and married Anne Boleyn, Jane continued to be a lady-in-waiting. Henry VIII noticed Jane at court and had already fallen in love with her by the time Anne Boleyn was executed. He became betrothed to Jane on the day after the execution, and they were married ten days later, on May 30 1536. When Jane became queen, she ran the royal court in a strict and formal way, and her only close friends were Anne Stanhope and Elizabeth Seymour.
In early 1537, Jane became pregnant and developed a craving for quail. In October of 1537, she gave birth to the son that Henry VIII wanted so much. They named him Edward and he was later to be King Edward VI of England. Soon, Jane became very ill with fever, and she died on October 24, 1537. Jane never had a coronation, and was married to Henry for only a year and a half before she died (May 30th 1536-October 24th 1537). Henry had loved Jane the most of all his wives, because she was the one who gave him a son. Even though he was married another three times after Jane's death, he always grieved for her. When Henry died, he asked to be buried next to Jane.

Colorado
Colorado is a state of the United States. Its capital and largest city is Denver. Other big cities are Colorado Springs and Aurora.
Colorado became a state in 1876.

Catherine_Howard
Catherine Howard (between 1520 and 1525 - February 13 1542) was the fifth wife of Henry VIII of England.
Childhood.
Catherine Howard (also spelled Katherine) was born in about 1521. She was the tenth child of Lord Edmund Howard and Joyce Culpepper. Her father was the second son of the Duke of Norfolk. She was a cousin to Anne Boleyn, the second wife of Henry VIII.
Catherine's family was poor so they sent Catherine to live with her step-grandmother, Agnes Tilney. Agnes Tilney, the Duchess of Norfolk, had a large household, but it wasn't very strict. Catherine could read and write, but she was the least educated of Henry VIII's wives.
Catherine was taught music by Henry Manox when she was fifteen years old. They liked one another and he may have seduced her. Later, she denied this. Catherine then fell in love with, and had an affair with, a gentleman at her grandmother's court. He was called Francis Dereham.
Arrival at court.
Catherine became a lady-in-waiting to the queen in 1539 or 1540, when she was about eighteen years old.
The queen then was Anne of Cleves, the fourth wife of Henry VIII. The king disliked Anne of Cleves for many reasons. Some of these reasons were "bad breath", her appearance, and bad smell.
Henry fell in love with Catherine, now probably nineteen but maybe only fifteen years old. Many historians believe that he married her because she was young and healthy, and he wanted a son for an heir. He probably believed that Catherine could give him a son because she was young and healthy.
In July 1540, after Henry had divorced Anne of Cleves, Henry and Catherine got married at Oatlands Palace in Surrey.
Marriage.
Henry VIII adored his young bride and showered her with gifts. Despite this, Catherine was very unhappy because her husband was very fat (he was about 300 pounds at the time) and had stinking ulcers on his legs. So, she found a lover, who was another of her cousins, Thomas Culpepper. Thomas Culpepper was very handsome, but he had a bad reputation. He was accused of having raped a woman and killed her husband. Catherine did not take any notice of these rumourse, because she was head over heels in love with Thomas.
Downfall.
Rumors that Catherine was unfaithful began to be repeated at court. Then Francis Dereham told
people about the affair he had had with Catherine, and officials started to ask questions about what she was doing in private. Catherine then, in 1541, was arrested and charged with high treason. Henry was very upset and cried, but he made up his mind that Catherine was to be executed, just like her cousin, Anne Boleyn.
In February of 1542, Catherine was told that she was to die. She was being kept a prisoner at Hampton Court Palace. When she heard that the king was in the palace, she got away from her guards and ran towards the room where she thought he was, crying out for mercy, but Henry did not hear her. She was terrified of being executed, so she asked to see the executioner's block and practised putting her head on it. The next morning, she was pale going to the block, but she was calm.
There is a legend that before Catherine died, she announced, "I die a Queen, but I would rather have died the wife of Culpepper." The story is not true.
The executioner chopped her head off. She was aged between seventeen and twenty-two. She is buried in St. Peter Ad Vincula, the parish church of the Tower of London.

Madeleine_of_France
Madeleine of France (August 10, 1520 – July 2, 1537) was the daughter of Francis I of France and Claude of France. She was married to James V of Scotland on January 1, 1537 in Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, France.
Madeleine got sick with tuberculosis when she went to live in Scotland and died when she was only 16 years old. She is buried in Holyrood Abbey in Edinburgh, Scotland.

Thirteen
Thirteen is the number that is after twelve and before fourteen.
Many people think thirteen is an unlucky number. Especially when it is Friday the thirteenth. Many people think that this is superstition. There is no proof that thirteen is an unlucky number.
Floors in tall buildings often skip floor thirteen. The idea of thirteen as an unlucky number was created in Norse mythology. Some Christians think that Jesus was crucified on the thirteenth. Some people also think that it is unlucky to have thirteen people siting at a table at a meal.

Garden_gnome
The first garden gnomes were introduced to the United Kingdom in 1847 by Sir Charles Isham, when he brought 21 terracotta figures back from a trip to Germany and placed them around the gardens of his home, Lamport Hall in Northamptonshire. Only one of the original batch of gnomes survives: Lampy as he is known, is on display at Lamport Hall, and is insured for one million pounds.
Garden gnomes have become a popular accessory in many gardens, although they are not loved by all. They can be the target of pranks: people have been known to "return to the wild" these garden gnomes, most notably France's "Front de Liberation des Nains de Jardins" and Italy's "MALAG" (Garden Gnome Liberation Front). Some kidnapped garden gnomes have been sent on trips around the world, being passed from person to person and photographed at different famous landmarks, with the photos being returned to the owner; this practice is featured in the 2001 French film, "Amélie" and an Ad campegin for Travelocity.com. Non-conventional gnome statues have also been made, such as a flashing gnome in a raincoat, or a gnome couple having sex.
A sub-culture exists among those who collect garden gnomes. This phenomenon is frequently lampooned in popular culture.

Mississippi
Mississippi is one of the states of the United States. Its capital and largest city is Jackson. The state flower and tree are the magnolia. Other large cities are Biloxi, Greenville, Gulfport, Hattiesburg, Meridian, Pascagoula, Southaven, Tupelo, and Vicksburg.

John_Hinckley
John Warnock Hinckley, Jr. (born May 29, 1955) is the man who attempted to assassinate the United States President Ronald Reagan.
On March 30, 1981, shortly after Reagan was elected, Hinckley shot at Reagan in Washington, D.C. Reagan was injured, but recovered quickly. Hinckley was tried, but was found not guilty, due to his insanity. He said the reason he shot the President was to get the attention of actress Jodie Foster, who he was a fan of.

Tokelau
Tokelau is an island group located in the Pacific Ocean. It is a territory of New Zealand. Tokelau does not have an official capital. Most important languages spoken in Tokelau are English and Tokelauan. There are about 1 405 people living in Tokelau (2004).

Bleach
Bleach is a liquid that is used as a cleaner. It also can cause things to turn white or pale. Bleach can harm people's skin if they do not use it carefully.
Dangers of using bleach.
Mixing bleach with some things commonly found at home, like vinegar or even fruit juice can produce chemicals like Chlorine that are irritating or even dangerous. Bleach should also not be mixed with ammonia, because a dangerous chemical reaction will occur. This reaction can kill people.
Certain types of bleaches produce toxic waste. Some of them produce dioxins.
Other uses.
Bleach is also used to make hair lighter in color, orange, blonde, or even white. It is often used by dark-haired people to make highlights, and most light hair dyes contain it.
In the textile dye and finish industry, sodium hydrochlorite is available in powder form. It is usually used to strip color from dyed polyester fabrics in order to re dye the fabric. I also find it useful in a final dye stage to clear any excess dye from the polyester fabric. Use a final scour at 60C or 140 F. Use 5% active bleach on the weight of the goods. Drop the final scour bath after bleaching and rinse with clean water at 60C or 140 F. The polyester fabric will pass the 2A wash fastness test even on deep shades.

Orlando,_Florida
Orlando is a large city in the center of the U.S. state of Florida. It is the city of government for Orange County. It contains 199,336 people as of 2004. It is number six among cities in Florida by number of people. The current mayor, or leader, of Orlando is Buddy Dyer.
History.
Orlando was created in 1836 when someone found a tree where the name "Orlando Reeves" was carved. Thinking it was a place of burial, they named the site "Orlando's grave". It was cut to Orlando later.
Before the American Civil War, Orlando was a center of trade in cattle. After the war, many people came to the town. Orlando became a city in 1875. Before 1900, Orlando was a center of orange farming. After 1900, it became a popular place for visitors.
Orlando was an important base for the military during World War II, as home of Pinecastle Army Air Field. Lockheed Martin (once Martin Marietta) opened a manufacturing site in Orlando in 1956.
In 1965, Walt Disney said that he would build a large amusement park southwest of the city. That place, Walt Disney World Resort, opened in 1971. Other amusement parks would open after it, like SeaWorld (1973) and Universal Orlando (1990). Orlando is now very popular as a tourism city, attracting millions of visitors each year from every place in the world.
Three hurricanes moved over Orlando in 2004, causing billions of U.S. dollars of damage.
Weather.
Orlando is hot during the summer and mild during the winter. Summer high temperatures are usually near 90°F. Winter high temperatures move from 60°F to 80°F. It is very hot. Rain falls often from June through September. Snow never falls in Orlando.
Transport.
A major road in Orlando is Interstate 4. Another major road is State Road 408. They meet downtown. Florida's Turnpike also meets Interstate 4 southwest of the city.
Orlando International Airport is one of the biggest airports in the United States.
Amtrak trains and Greyhound buses also go to Orlando.
Sport.
The Orlando Magic are a basketball team with the NBA in Orlando. They play at TD Waterhouse Centre.
The Orlando Predators are an football team with the Arena Football League in Orlando. They play at the TD Waterhouse Centre.

Painting
Painting is using colours to make art. It is also the word for a painted work of art. Many kinds of paints are used to create art. They include watercolors, acrylics and oils. Other artists like working with pencil or chalk.
Famous paintings are often kept in art galleries, like the National Gallery in London and the Louvre (Paris) where one of the most famous paintings in the world hangs, The Mona Lisa, painted by Leonardo DaVinci. People do not have to go to a famous gallery to view art. There are private art galleries in many cities around the world.
There is a basic difference between drawing and painting. In drawing, single layer constitues entire image. In painting a layer over other is painted to get the final image. As a result, most of the times the image will not be clear until it gets to final stage.
There are 3 basic stages in painting.
In divide stage, the canvas is divided into a few major areas (depending on the image you paint) and background for those areas are plotted.
In layer stage, a layer over other layer is plotted to get the desired shape in each area. By end of this stage, all objects in the image will be clearly identifible.
The touchup stage needs extra effort. This stage is to provide extra look to the image like precise bordering, merging layers and other visual effects.

Peloponnese
The Peloponnese is a large peninsula in Greece. It is the part of Greece which is south of the Isthmus of Corinth.
The island of Peloponnese has lots of mountains and coasts, with the highest part being Mount Killini.
There are four south-pointing penisulas within the Peloponnese. They are called Messenia, the Mani Peninsula, Epidaurus, and the Argolid.
There are also two groups of islands near the Peloponese. In the east there are the Argo-Saronic Islands and in the west there are the Ionian Islands. There is also the island of Kythira, which is near to the Epidaurus penisula. The Kythira is often thought of as part of the Ionian Islands.
The Peloponnese has had people living on it since prehistoric times. Its name means "Island of the People" and was named after Pelops. Pelops was a person from Greek mythology, who took over the island. During the Middle Ages the peninsula was known as the Morea.

Ilia
Ilia is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. It is on the Peloponnese peninsula. The capital of Ilia is the Pyrgos.

Chalcidice
Chalcidice is one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The capital of Chalcidice is the Polygyros.

Serres
Serres is a Greek city and it is also one of 51 prefectures of Greece. The population of city of Serres is 56,400 inhabitants. Serres is built on the large plain. It is located in the north of Greece, in the district of East Macedonia. Beside Serres, the Strymonas river is located.

Kanem
Kanem is one of fourteen prefectures of Chad. The capital of Kanem is Mao.

Ron_Howard
Ronald William Howard (born March 1, 1954) is an American actor and director. He started acting as a young child, and was best known for his roles on TV as Opie Taylor on "The Andy Griffith Show" and Richie Cunningham on "Happy Days" and in movies like "The Music Man" (1962) and "American Graffiti" (1973). He later quit acting and became a director. Some of the films he directed are: "Splash" (1984), "Cocoon" (1985), "Willow" (1988), "Apollo 13" (1995), "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" (2000), "A Beautiful Mind" (2001), and "Cinderella Man" (2005). His brother Clint Howard and daughter Bryce Dallas Howard are also actors. Recently, he returned to TV and made the TV show "Arrested Development".

Nevada
Nevada is one of the United States. Its capital is Carson City. Other big cities are Las Vegas and Reno.
History.
Nevada was originally founded in 1821 as part of the First Mexican Empire. The Mexican Empire turned into the Mexican Republic in 1823, along with Nevada.
The Mexican-American conflict.
Fighting between the United States and Mexico started. They fought over what was to become the Southwestern United States and who would own the land. This was called the Mexican-American War. The war ended in an American defeat in 1848. Nevada later became an American territory in 1861. It was called the "Nevada Territory". This was not all of Nevada as it is today. The eastern part of Nevada was part of "Utah Territory" and the southern part was part of "New Mexico". In 1859 in the Comstock Lode, gold and silver were first discovered. This started a huge growth in mining in the state which Nevada is known for.
Gaining statehood.
On October 31, 1864, now celebrated as "Nevada Day", Nevada was made the 36th state in the United States. It was given the distinct shape resembling a rectangle with a triangle. It was named "Nevada" meaning "snowy land" in Spanish, because it was snowy in the North. Later, on May 5, 1866, Nevada got its current borders because the Pah-Ute County in Arizona was taken as part of Nevada. It is now Clark County, Nevada. It was also agreed upon that the western part of Utah would become Eastern Nevada.

San_Francisco,_California
San Francisco is a city in the American state of California. It is famous for the Golden Gate Bridge. During the 1960s many hippies chose to live in San Francisco. With a population of 744,041, San Francisco is the 4th largest city in California behind Los Angeles, San Diego, and San Jose.
It is to be found in the Northern part of California, between the Pacific Ocean and the San Francisco Bay.
San Francisco was founded in 1776 by the Spaniards. It was called "Yerba Buena" which is Spanish for "Good Herb", because mint grew there in abundance. In 1846, during the Mexican War, Yerba Buena was taken over by the United States. In 1847 it was renamed "San Francisco" and became a city in 1850.

Frankie_Avalon
Frankie Avalon (born Francis Thomas Avallone, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 18, 1939) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his starring roles in a series of "Beach movies" in the 1960s.

Hamlet
"The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark" is a play by William Shakespeare. It is one of his best-known plays, and many lines have become famous quotations. The play is often just called "Hamlet".
"Hamlet" was written between 1600 and 1602, and first printed in 1603.
Story.
Hamlet is the son of the King of Denmark. When Hamlet's father dies, his uncle Claudius becomes king and marries Hamlet's mother (Gertrude). Hamlet's father appears as a ghost and tells Hamlet that he was murdered by Claudius. Hamlet is not sure that the ghost is really his father. He gets some travelling actors to perform a play which shows the murder of a king in the same way Hamlet's father said he was killed. When Claudius reacts badly to seeing this, Hamlet believes he is guilty.
Hamlet tells his mother that he knows about the murder. While there he kills Polonius, who is the king's advisor, because he thinks he is Claudius. Claudius sends Hamlet to England to have him killed, but his ship is attacked by pirates who take Hamlet prisoner but then return him to Denmark.
Ophelia is the daughter of Polonius. She was going to marry Hamlet, but seeing Hamlet acting mad and killing her father drives her mad. She falls into a river and drowns. Hamlet returns just as her funeral is happening. Laertes, her brother, decides to kill Hamlet in revenge. He challenges Hamlet to a sword fight, and puts poison on his own sword. Claudius makes some poisoned wine for Hamlet to drink in case that does not work.
At first Hamlet wins the sword fight, but his mother drinks the poisoned wine without knowing, and dies. Hamlet is cut with the poisoned sword, but then stabs Laertes with the same sword. Laertes tells Hamlet about the plot and then dies. Hamlet kills Claudius with the poisoned sword. Horatio, Hamlet's friend, tells everyone about the murder of the old king. Hamlet tells everyone that the Norwegian prince, Fortinbras, should be king, and then dies from the poison.
Meaning.
Scholars can not agree on what this story is about, even for very simple things, like if Hamlet is a good or bad man, if he loves Ophelia, if Ophelia is a virgin, if Polonius knows about king Hamlet's murder, and so on. Scholars also disagree on why characters do what they do, and what Shakespeare wants to tell us with this story. It is the most written about story of Shakespeare's, and maybe of any story at all.
Acting Hamlet.
Hamlet is one of the most difficult parts for an actor to perform. It is one of the largest roles written by Shakespeare. There are many disagreements about what Hamlet is really thinking. For many actors, playing Hamlet is one of the most important parts of their career.

Gianni_Rodari
Gianni Rodari (October 23, 1920 in Omegna (Novara) - April 14, 1980 in Rome) was an Italian writer. He was famous for his books for children.

Cemetery
A cemetery or a graveyard is a place (usually surrounded by a fence) where people bury dead bodies and honor the dead people. Many of them have gardens and other greenery in them to symbolise life and to honor those who are dead.

Serfdom
Serfdom is a legal and economic system.
A serf is a laborer who has to stay in one area. Serfs were the lowest social class of the feudal society. Serfs were different than slaves. Serfs could have property. In most serfdoms, serfs were legally part of the land, and if the land was sold, they were sold with it.
Serfdom is the forced labour of serfs, on the fields of the land owners. Serfs got protection and the right to work on the leased fields. Serfs worked in fields, and other agricultural-related works, like forestry, transportation (both land and river-based), work in craft and even in manufactures.
Serfdom came from agricultural slavery of Roman Empire and spread through Europe around the 10th century. Most people lived in serfdoms during the Middle Ages of Europe.
In England serfdom lasted up to the 1600s, in France until 1789. In most other European countries serfdom lasted until the early 19th century.
Etymology.
The word "Serf" came from the Latin "servus", with means "slave."
The system of serfdom.
All land was owned by landowners - nobility, Church and monarchs. A serf is any peasant who has to do manual labor for someone else in order to get to keep his land.
While most serfs were farmers, some serfs were craftsman - like the village blacksmith, miller or innkeeper.
The serf's feudal contract.
The serfs had a feudal contract, just like a baron or a knight. A serf's feudal contract was that he would live on and work a piece of land held by his Lord. The serf would get protection in return.
During that time, people said that the a serf "worked for all", a knight or baron "fought for all" and a churchman "prayed for all." Everyone had his place and all was right with God's world. The serf did not have as good a position as the knights or barons, but was better than slavery. Serfs had some rights in the feudal contract.
A manorial Lord could not sell his serfs like Romans can sell their slaves. If his Lord sold some land, the serf of that land went with it to serve their new Lord. A serf could not leave his lands without permission. A serf could not sell his lands.
Becoming a serf.
A free man became a serf usually because of a large debt. He would make an agreement with the Lord of the land. The Lord would keep him safe, give money for his debt, and give him land to work on, and he would do work for the Lord. All his children would become serfs.
The serf's duties.
The usual serf "paid" his fees and taxes by working for the lord 3 or 4 days a week. At different times in the year he would do different things. A serf could plough his lord's fields, harvest crops, dig ditches, or repair fences. The rest of his time he could take care of his own fields, crops and animals.
Problems.
The big problem for serfs was that he had to do the work for the Lord before he could do his own work. When his Lord’s crops needed to be harvested, his needed to be harvested, too. The Lord would give them very good food when they worked for him.
The serf also had to pay taxes and fees. The Lord decided how much taxes they would pay from how much land the serf had, usually 1/3 of their value. They had to give money for fees when they got married, had a baby, or there was a war. Money was not very common then, so usually they paid by giving food instead of money.
Tax tests.
There were strange tests to decide if something was good enough to be given for taxes. A chicken, for example, had to be able to jump over a fence. That showed that the chicken was young and healthy.
Benefits of serfdom.
A serf had some freedom. A serf could get and keep property and money. Some serfs had more money and property than their free neighbours. A serf could sometimes buy his freedom.
Agricultural benefits.
Serfs could grow what they wanted on their lands. Sometimes their taxes had to be paid in wheat, which is very difficult to grow. They took the wheat they didn’t give for taxes to the market. Their heirs usually got an inheritance.
The lord could not make the serfs leave his land unless he had good reasons. The lord was supposed to protect them from criminals or other lords, and he was supposed to give them charity during famines.
Variations.
The rules for serfdom were different at different times and places. In some places, serfdom changed into different types of taxation.
Work times.
In different places and times, serfs had to work different amounts. In the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in the 13th century it was 2 - 3 days a year. In the 14th century, serfs had to work one day per week. They had to work 4 days per week in the 17th century. They had to work 6 days per week in the 18th century.
War.
Sometimes, serfs were soldiers during war. They could get freedom or even ennoblement for bravery in war. In other cases, serfs could also purchase their freedom, be manumitted by their enlightened or generous owners, or flee to towns or newly-settled land where few questions were asked. Laws varied from country to country: in England a serf who made his way to a chartered town and evaded recapture for a year and a day obtained his freedom.
Marriage.
In many cases, serfs had to get permission from their lord to marry someone who was not a serf for that lord.
Fines.
Sometimes serf had to pay money because of something they did. This is called a fine. They had to pay a fine when they inherited money or property. They had to pay a fine if they became a priest or monk. They had to pay a fine if their children went to the city instead of staying and being a serf. They had to give their best animal to their lord when they died so that their children would get to stay on the land.
A serfs had to pay to use the lord’s grain mill and bread oven. They had to pay to use the lord’s carts to carry their produce. The serfs were very angry about that. Many peasants had to pay a fine because they used their own grain mill. The miller charged a fee called (multure), which was usually 1/24 of the total grain milled. The serfs often thought the millers were not honest. Many lords made the serfs use the lord's oven to bake their daily bread.
Freedom for the serfs.
Serfdom began to change because lords could make more money just renting the land. Many Lords "freed" their serfs to get cash from their serfs instead of work from them.
This didn’t really change the serfs’ life. They still had to farm their lands to feed their families, and pay their taxes. The main difference was that they could be forced off their lands if they didn’t pay the rent, or if their Lord decided he wanted to use their fields for raising sheep (for example) rather than corn.
The lords took the best land for themselves. Even though the serfs were “free”, their life was harder.
Serfs in Greece.
The helots in the ancient Greek city-state of Sparta and the peasants working on government lands in ancient Rome worked like serfs, but they did not use that name. They were called coloni, or "tenant farmers”. The Germanic tribes took over the Roman Emdire. They took the lands from the wealthy Romans as the landlords but left the economic system of serfdom.
Beginning of serfdom.
The serfdom of medieval times began with the breakup of the Carolingian Empire around the 10th century. This empire had ruled most of western Europe for more than 200 years. It was followed by a long time when there were no strong central governments in most of Europe.
During this time, feudal lords worked to make serfdom the common way for people to live. Serfdom was the system where great landlords could make sure other people worked to feed them and are forced, legally and economically, to keep doing that.
This system gave most of the agricultural labor during the Middle Ages. There was slavery during the Middle Ages, but it was not common. Usually they were only slaves to take care of people’s houses. Parts of Europe, including much of Scandinavia, never used serfdom or other feudal institutions.
End of serfdom.
In the later Middle Ages serfdom began to go away west of the Rhine even as it grew in Eastern Europe. This was one important cause for the deep differences between the societies and economies of eastern and western Europe.
In Western Europe, the rise of powerful monarchs, towns, and an improving economy weakened the manorial system through the 13th and 14th centuries. Serfdom was not common after the Renaissance.
Serfdom in Western Europe mostly ended in the 15th and 16th centuries. This was because of changes in the economy, population, and laws about what lords could make their tenants do in Western European nations.
At the same time, there were more protests by serfs and peasants, like Tyler’s Rebellion in England in 1381. This put pressure on the nobility and the clergy to change the system and make it better. The new ways of renting the land gave people more freedom.
The Industrial Revolution helped end serfdoms. Farmers wanted to move to towns to make more money than working in the fields. Land owners also put their money into industries that made more money for them. This caused urbanization.
Serfdom reached Eastern European countries later than Western Europe. It became the main way around the 15th century. Before that time, Eastern Europe had less people than Western Europe. The lords of Eastern Europe tried to make people want to move there from Western Europe. Serfdom developed in Eastern Europe after the Black Death epidemics. That stopped the people moving to Eastern Europe, and many people who were already there died.
Serfdom in Russia.
There was still serfdom in Russia until February 19, 1861. In Russian Baltic provinces it ended in the beginning of 19th century (Russian Serfdom Reforms). Russian serfdom was different than in other Eastern European countries, because it wasn’t changed by German law and people coming from Germany. The serfdom and manorialism systems were forced by the crown (Tsar), not the nobility.
Return of Serfdom.
Some people say that planned economies, especially those based on Soviet-style Communist economics, such as the Soviet collective farm system, are government-owned serfdom. Friedrich Hayek said that in his book "Road to Serfdom". Mikhael Gorbachev believed that, too. In some Communist countries, farmers were tied to their farms. Some were called kolkhoz which were supposed to be collectives. Some were called sovkhoz which were state-owned. The government used a system of internal passports and household registration (such as China's hukou system) to make people stay on their farms. They had to plant crops according to instructions from the central authorities, especially if they were on state-run farms. These authorities would then "buy" their agricultural produce at very low prices and use the money they made to invest in heavy industry.
This kind of serfdom lasted in Russia until 1974 (with a brief break during the Civil War). USSR Government Decree #667 gave peasants identification documents, with an unrestricted right to move within the country. This was the first time in Russian history that had happened. It is possible that a system like this still is happening in rural China.

Robert_Mugabe
Robert Gabriel Mugabe KCB (born February 21, 1924) has been the President of Zimbabwe since 1987. Before that time, he was Prime Minister of the country. Especially in the last few years, Mr. Mugabe has ruled his country in the style of a dictator.
His first years as leader were prosperous. He introduced land reforms, which were supposed to give the land claimed by white people back to the (original) black owners. This has had a serious impact on how the country is seen from outside. The reforms were done in 1998. In 2001, the United Nations imposed sanctions against Zimbabwe. This was done because human rights abuses came to the attention of the United Nations.
At present, people are unsure how the country can tackle its problems. Also, it is unclear what will happen after Mr. Mugabe dies, as there seems to be a vacuum. A struggle for who is to come after him would begin. The disastrous Socialist economic policies that Mugabe has adopted have produced extreme poverty, widespread suffering 1200% inflation and 80% unemployment.

Andrology
Andrology is the study of male health, especially male sexual organs and reproduction.
It is similar to the study of women's health, called gynaecology. Andrology has only been studied since the late 1960s. The first specialist journal on the subject was the German periodical "Andrologie", published from 1969 onwards.
Men are more susceptible to heart disease than women. They also usually have a slightly shorter natural average life span. However, men get many conditions, such as osteoporosis, less than women.

Tallinn
Tallinn is the capital of Estonia. It is on the north-eastern coast of Estonia. The bordering sea there is called the Baltic Sea and there a many other massive bodies of water such as some large lakes in Tallinn and the biggest is called Lake Ülemiste. Most Tallinnites get their drinking water from this lake. There is a limestone cliff that runs through the city. The highest point of the city is 64m above sea level.
History.
Tallinn has an interesting history because it was a town which belonged to the Hanseatic league. This meant that in the Middle Ages there was lots of business between traders who were passing through Europe to Russia or from south Russia to Scandinavia. During its history Estonia has been ruled at times by Sweden and by Russia. It became independent in 1918 after World War I, but after World War II it was ruled by the USSR. Since 1991 Tallinn has been the capital of an independent Estonia.
Tallinn today has more than 400.000 inhabitants which is one third of the population. It is a big sea port. Food and textile industries are important. The town has many pretty, old buildings. This part of the town is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Sufism
Sufism is the mystic path of Islam. Someone who practices Sufism is called a "Sufi", a "Dervish" or a "Fakir".
In Sufism there exist many different orders ("tarikas"), that were founded from the 12th and 13th centuries until today.
The goal in Sufism is to reach God not only in the hereafter, but in this world. To reach this goal, Sufis practice an ascetic lifestyle, and perform "dhikr", a kind of prayer to God. Often they perform it in a congregation, and each Sufi order has its own special kind of "dhikr".

Pune
Pune is a city in India. It is in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The city is famous for great maratha king shivaji. The game of Badminton was invented there in the 19th century. It is also the birth-place of spiritual teacher Meher Baba. Mula and Mutha are the two rivers that flow through the city. It has also been referred to as the "Oxford of the East" by some. it is major IT center.

Blacksmith
A blacksmith is a person who works with iron and steel. The blacksmith hammers hot iron on an anvil to change its shape. Blacksmiths make iron and steel tools.
A smith is a person who works in any metal. A blacksmith works only with iron and steel. A thousand years ago, people only knew about seven metals (iron, gold, silver, copper, tin, lead, and mercury). By color: gold is yellow; copper is red; and silver, tin, lead, and mercury are different gray colors. Iron is also a gray color if you shine it, but usually its surface is covered with a black oxide, which is a kind of rust. This black color forms very fast in a blacksmith's fire. The other metals have light colors, but iron is a dark color, so it is called the black metal in English. A smith who works the black metal is a black-smith.
A farrier works with iron like a blacksmith, but a farrier only makes horseshoes and puts them on horses' feet.
A blacksmith burns coal or charcoal in a special fire, called a forge. A bellows pushes air into the forge, to make the fire burn hotter. The blacksmith puts pieces of iron in the fire to make them hot.
Iron must be very hot to shape with a hammer. Hot iron becomes cold very soon. A blacksmith has only a few seconds to hammer a piece of iron, before it must be put back in the fire to become hot again.
Ways to hammer Iron.
A punch is a tool like a short stick of iron. The end of the punch is flat.
A chisel is a tool like a short stick of iron. The end of the chisel is sharp to cut.
Hard Iron and Steel.
Iron is one of the 92 natural elements.
Steel is iron with a little carbon in it (0.3% to 1.7% carbon by weight).
All metals get harder when a smith hammers or bends them. This is called "work-hardening". If a smith hammers or bends a piece of metal that is already work-hardened, it will crack and break. To make work-hardened metal soft again, so that a smith can hammer and bend it more, the smith anneals the metal.
To "anneal" iron or steel, a blacksmith heats the metal until it no longer pulls a magnet, and then makes the metal become cold very slowly. Blacksmiths can cover the hot metal with sand, so that it takes hours to become cold. This makes iron or steel very soft.
Steel acts just like iron, until a blacksmith "heat-treats" the steel. This is a special way to make the steel hot and then cold, so that the steel will become hard enough to keep a cutting edge (blade). A blade made from a piece of iron (instead of steel) will very soon become dull and will not cut. Good blades (for knives, chisels, axes, and other tools with cutting edges) are always made of steel, then heat-treated, and then sharpened.
To heat-treat steel, a blacksmith heats the steel until it no longer pulls a magnet, then makes the steel become cold very quickly. A blacksmith does this by putting the hot steel into a bucket of water and moving it around until it is cold. This is called "quenching". When this is finished, the steel will be as hard as it can be. It will be so hard, that if someone hits it or drops it, it can break like glass.
The next step is to "draw the temper" or "temper" the steel, so that it will not break like glass. To temper steel, a blacksmith polishes a part of the steel so that it is smooth and shiny. The blacksmith then slowly heats the steel in the fire. When the steel is between 300 to 650 degrees Fahrenheit, the polished steel will turn different colors. These colors do not glow in the dark; they look like dye on the polished steel. As the steel gets hotter from 300 to 650 degrees F, it will turn through the colors: yellow, then brown, then purple, then blue. Yellow means the steel will still be harder, blue means the steel will be softer (but still hard). When the steel turns the color that the blacksmith wants, he puts the steel into a bucket of water to stop the change. Different tools are tempered to different colors, but it also depends on how much carbon there is in the steel. Usually, stone chisels are tempered to yellow, and axes for trees are tempered to blue, but the blacksmith has to decide.
A blacksmith does not hammer a blade edge thin. A blacksmith hammers the steel so that the edge stays thick. After the "heat-treat" and "temper", stones are used to grind the blade edge to make it sharp.
If a blacksmith has a piece of iron or steel, but does not know which one it is, the blacksmith can heat-treat it like steel. If it does not become hard, then it is not steel. Iron will show the same temper colors as steel, but it will not be hard.
If a blacksmith has an old steel tool, and wants to hammer it into a new different tool, the blacksmith anneals the steel. The steel will then be very soft like iron. The blacksmith can then hammer it into a new tool, and heat-treat and temper it, to make a new, hard steel tool.
A blacksmith must be careful when hammering hardened steel or work-hardened iron, because small pieces can break off and fly, and these can hurt his or her eyes. Many blacksmiths wear plastic safety glasses to keep their eyes safe.
History.
The first blacksmiths were Hittites who lived in the country now called Turkey. They started working iron to make tools around 1500 BCE. The ways that tools are made by blacksmiths have changed very little since then.
Around 1850, countries like the United States of America and the United Kingdom made new ways to make steel and tools in factories. Factories now make tools faster, and for less money than blacksmiths. There are now very few blacksmiths in countries that have a lot of factories.
The few blacksmiths that are still in countries with a lot of factories, make iron that is art. These blacksmiths make gates, stair rails, and chairs and tables for outdoors. People buy this iron as art, because each piece is different from the other pieces.

Primary_school
In the United States, a primary school is the same thing as elementary school. It is for young students usually kindergarten to fourth or fifth grade (five to nine or ten years). In the United States elementary school is a more common term. Primary school is often used in private or independent schools. (In private or independent schools the government does not give the schools money.)
In the United Kingdom, a primary school usually comprises a nursery and the first 7 years of a child's full-time education.
In India, "Primary Education" means the 'Nursery', the 'Kindergarten' and four years of regular schooling thereafter. Admission to Nursery classes is for children above two years so that the age is 6+ when entering Class I. Children are taught language (mother tongue and English) reading/writing skills, basic arithmetic and quite a good amount of general information about the country, people, statesmen, great people, flora & animals. However, this is true only for schools in the urban areas. Rural schools do not have Nursery or Kindergarten; they admit straight at Class I when the child is six. Further, the rural schools use the mother tongue as medium of instruction, not resorting to English in any way. Primary education is free in government schools. Moreover, rural primary schools offer free mid-day meals to children (the government pays for it) so that the drop out rate comes down. States of West Bengal, Maharashtra, Manipur, Nagaland and Kerala have done very good work in this way of spreading primary education.

Junction
A junction is any place where two things, especially roads and railway tracks, meet.
Railway junction.
A railway junction is a place where two railway tracks join. The shape of a junction looks like
Sometimes the trains just cross and keep going straight. Sometimes they turn onto the other track.

Liberia
The Republic of Liberia is a country in West Africa that has been gravely affected in recent years by two civil wars.
The name of the country is "Land of the Free" in Latin, because it was founded in the early 19th century by freed American slaves. It gained its independence on July 26, 1847.
Liberia is home to more than three and a half million residents. Its capital is Monrovia.
The country's constitution is similar to that of the United States. In the Autumn 2005 elections, Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf became the first female elected head of state in African history. She was inaugurated on January 16, 2006. The President before Johnson-Sirleaf was Gyude Bryant.
For ships, Liberia is a flag of convenience.

Carole_Bayer_Sager
Carole Bayer Sager (born March 8, 1947) is an American songwriter and singer.

Sweet_(band)
Sweet aka The Sweet or originally The Sweetshop were an English glam rock band, they were most famous for the songs "Ballroom Blitz", "Little Willie", "Fox on the Run" and "Love is Like Oxygen".

Taylor_Dayne
Taylor Dayne (born as Leslie Wonderman on March 7, 1962) is an American singer. She is best known for her song, "Tell it to my heart".

Watermelon
A watermelon is a type of edible fruit. They are 92% water. About six percent of a watermelon is sugar. This makes them very quite sweet. There are many different types of watermelon. Some have a green rind on the outside and a red-pink flesh on the inside, with black seeds. Some can have yellow flesh, and some can be seedless. The green rind on the outside is not usually eaten, though it can be used as a vegetable. It can also be stewed or pickled. Most watermelons are oblong or spherical. In Japan, watermelons are grown in different shapes. Many people like to eat watermelon in the summer because the fruit is cool and refreshing.
Watermelons are a great source vitamin A, vitamin C, vitamin B6 and vitamin B1. They also contain potassium, magnesium, carotenoid antioxidant, and lycopene.

IPod
The iPod is a range of portable music players made by the company Apple Inc. The iPod comes with computer cables so that the user can put music from their computer onto the iPod, and play music from it using headphones. Newer iPods allow a user to view pictures and videos, too.
The first iPod was simply named the iPod. This was released in 2001. Apple still makes iPods like this today, but they are now called "iPod Classic".
Apple makes a smaller iPod called the iPod nano. It is much smaller than the iPod, but does not hold as many songs. It uses flash memory, a special kind of memory for very small electronics, instead of a hard drive. It replaced a version of the iPod called the iPod Mini.
Another type of iPod, called the iPod shuffle, is very small, and it uses flash memory, like the iPod nano but it has no screen. It is the least expensive iPod.
The most expensive iPod is called the iPod Touch. It has a touch screen, like the iPhone. The first iPod Touch was released in 2007.
iPods often contain songs downloaded from an online music store, using a program called iTunes. (The name of Apple's music and video store is the iTunes Store.) Songs are sold in AAC file format, not MP3 or WMA. These are popular formats for compressing (making smaller) music until it does not take up much space and can easily be put on a media player such as the iPod.

Leaning_Tower_of_Pisa
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is a building in Pisa, Italy. It is a bell tower. It is famous because it leans to one side. The tower was once leaning more and more to the ground, but recently it has stopped falling. Researchers say, as sited in newspapers, that the tower would completely collapse by 2030 to 2050.
The height of the tower is about 55 metres from the ground. Its weight is about 14,500 tonnes. It currently leans at about 5.5 degrees. The tower has 294 steps.
After the third floor was built in 1178, the tower started to lean, due to a small, only three-meter foundation in soft soil. The design of this tower was bad from the beginning. Construction was stopped for almost 100 years because the Pisans were often at war with Genoa, Lucca, and Florence.

Ghana
The Republic of Ghana (formerly the Gold Coast) is a country in West Africa. Twenty-one million people live there; its capital is Accra. It is in Western Africa, bordering the Gulf of Guinea, between Cote d'Ivoire and Togo Kofi Annan, the former president of the United Nations, is a native of the country.
Since Ghana is near the Equator, the climate is very warm and tropical. The eastern coastal belt is warm and comparatively dry. South west corner is hot and humid. The north is hot and dry. Lake Volta (the world’s largest artificial lake) extends through eastern Ghana.
The Republic of Ghana is named after the medieval Ghana Empire.
Most Ghanaians have access to primary and secondary education. Ghana has a 6-year primary school system. There are 6 public universities and 10 private universities. After secondary education, there are not many opportunities for Ghanaian students to continue their education. Only 1 out of 9 students continue studying after secondary educations.
Ghana has many natural resources. The main exports are gold, timber, cocoa, diamonds, and more. Ghana has one of the strongest economies in Africa.
Ghana used “Cedi” for their currency but since July 2007, “Ghana Cedi” became the new currency. 1 Ghana Cedi equals to 1000 Cedi. And 1 US dollars equals to 0.93 Ghana Cedi.

Diphthong
A Diphthong (pronounced "DIF-thong") is a vowel sound that a person has to move his or her mouth into two different positions to make.
A monophthong is a simple vowel sound that a person does not have to move his mouth to make, like the "oo" sound in "book." In a diphthong, the person combines two different monophthongs, as with the "oi" sound in the word "oil." The person starts with the mouth in the position to make an "o" sound, then quickly moves the mouth to make a hard "e" sound.
Another example is the "ou" sound in the word "house." The mouth starts out making a sound like the soft "a" sound in "flat," then moves to make the a hard "oo" sound like the one in "caboose."
Just like with every other part of language, the exact way to pronounce a diphthong is a little different for different accents.
The word diphthong is derived from the old Greek language. Here, "di" means "two" or "double", while the part "-phthong" means "sound" or "tone", from the basic word "phthalein", which means "speak", "creating sound by the voice".
A diphthong can be a lexeme of a language and as such it can as well be all one syllable.

Roberta_Flack
Roberta Flack (born February 10, 1939) is an American R&B singer.

Hades
Hades is a god in Greek mythology, and one of the Twelve Olympians. He is the god of the Greek underworld, which is also called Pluto.
Hades is married to Persephone, and he owns the three-headed dog Cerberus. He is the brother of Zeus, Posiedon, Hestia, Hera and Demeter.

Korean_language
The Korean language is the official language of North Korea and South Korea. It is also spoken by some Korean emigrants in Japan, China, Russia and North America. In the writing system, Chinese literature and hangul was traditionally used, but now hangul is mainly used in both south and north.

Fluid_dynamics
Fluid Dynamics talks about how fluids (liquids and gases) work. It is one of the oldest parts of the study of Physics, and is studied by physicists, mathematicians, and engineers. Mathematics can describe how fluids move using mathematical formulas called equations.
Understanding how fluids behave helps us understand things like flight (aeronautics), weather (meteorology), and Sports Science. For example, fluid dynamics can be used to understand the weather, because clouds and air are both fluids. Fluid dynamics can also be used to understand how airplanes fly through the air or how ships and submarines move through water.
Computer programs can use the mathematical equations of fluid dynamics to model and predict the actions of moving fluids. Computers have helped us understand fluid dynamics very much, and some people study how to model or simulate fluids only with a computer. Studying how fluid dynamics can be done with computers is called computational fluid dynamics (or CFD for short).

Shooter
A shooter is a kind of video game. The aim of the game is to beat enemies by shooting (or otherwise killing) them. The enemies shoot back. The aim of the game is to stay alive as long as possible.
Many of the oldest computer games were shooters; the first video game ever made was a shooter called "Computer Space". And one of the first games that many people played was a shooter called "Space Invaders".
There are lots of different kinds of shooter. Now many people like first-person shooters. But there are other kinds too. In Japan many people play shooters where the enemies fire lots of bullets. The bullets make beautiful patterns on the screen. This kind of shooter is called a "barrage shooter" or a "curtain fire shooter". It is also called by the Japanese name, "danmaku".

Washington
Washington is one of the 50 states in the United States of America. It is north of Oregon, west of Idaho, east of the Pacific Ocean, and south of British Columbia. (British Columbia is part of Canada). There are more than 6,000,000 people in Washington. Most live in the western part of Washington, which gets more rain. About a quarter of the people live in the east part, where it gets less rain, and some parts have a desert climate. The largest city on the east part is Spokane it is also the second biggest city in the state. The Cascade Mountains go down the middle of the state and break it into two sides. The state's nickname is the "Evergreen State" because it has a lot of pine trees. Washington was the 42nd state to join the United States, on November 11, 1889.
The capital of Washington is Olympia. Olympia is a small city on the west side of Washington, at the south end of Puget Sound. Washington's biggest city is Seattle, Seattle is also on Puget Sound.
Washington has many beautiful forests, rivers, gorges (gorges are small canyons), and mountains. Because it's next to the ocean, it has a long beach. However, because Washington is north of Oregon and California (the other two states on the West Coast of the United States), the ocean is cold, and usually not good to swim in.
The biggest universities in Washington are the University of Washington and Washington State University. Washington State University is in a small town called Pullman. Pullman is on the east side of the state.

Tanzania
Tanzania is a country in Africa. The official languages are Kiswahili and English. It is placed on the great Lake Victoria.
In Tanzania live 29,646,752 people (July 1997 estimates). There are 120 tribes on the mainland; none of exceeds 10% of the population. Tanzania is a multicultural society.
There are many religions in Tanzania, the main ones being Christianity and Islam.
Tanzania is a very poor country. Their biggest export is the fish from the lake, especially the nilpearch. They export every day about 100 tons of fish to Europe and America. They produce also coffee, cotton, sisal, tea, tobacco, cashew nuts, and other manufactured goods.
Most of the inhabitants of Tanzania live from agriculture. Agriculture in Tanzania is dominated by smallholder farmers (peasants).
The president of the united Tanzania is Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete. Tanzania is a member of the United Nations, UNIDO, the World Bank, the IMF, the Commonwealth, the Non-Aligned Movement, SADC, PTA, and the ADB. It is also signatory to the Lome Convention.
History.
Mainland Tanzania (formerly Tanganyika) received independence in December 1961 while Zanzibar gained her independence in January 1964 through a revolution. The two countries united to form the United Republic of Tanzania in April 1964. Until July 1992, Tanzania was a one-party state. Following recommendations by a Presidential Commission, the country has adopted a multi-party political system, and has held a successful General Election in 1995 and 2000.

Romeo_and_Juliet
"Romeo and Juliet" is the name of a play written by William Shakespeare, and first published in an incomplete form in 1597. It is a "tragedy" or sad play. It is one of Shakespeare's most famous and popular plays, being performed on stage very often, and also being made into movies. Shakespeare did not make the story up himself. It had already been written by an Italian writer called Luigi de Porto, and then made into a poem in English by a writer called Arthur Brooke. Shakespeare must have read Brooke's poem and thought it was a good story to make into a play. Historians think that perhaps the families in the original story were not really families at all, but two gangs called the Montercchi and the Capiletti from San Bonifacio.
The story.
The play is about two noble families that live in the old Italian city of Verona. The families are called the Montagues and the Capulets. Unfortunately, the fathers of the two noble houses have had an argument, and are enemies, so all their young servants are enemies as well. The young men who work for the Montagues and the Capulets get into gangs and fight each other in the street. Because it is fashionable to carry a sword, sometimes they get badly injured.
Verona is ruled by Prince Escalus. He tells the Montagues and the Capulets that there must be no more fighting or they will have to pay, but it is very hard to control the young men.
Montague has only one child, a teenage boy called Romeo. Capulet also has only one child, a beautiful 13-year-old daughter called Juliet. They do not know each other, because Juliet never goes anywhere without her nursemaid. However, Romeo and Juliet meet at a party and fall in love.
Their love should heal all the problems between their families, but because they are only teenagers, they think they will get into trouble from their parents, so they marry in secret. Because of their secret marriage, a series of things happen which brings about many deaths. The unhappy families of Montague and Capulet are finally brought together in grief.
About the play.
Because this play was written in the 1500s, the English language that it uses is not exactly like the English that is used today. One example is that in modern English we say "you" for one person and also "you" for more than one person. But in Shakespeare's English, he writes "thee" and "thou" when it means just one person.
Many words are used a little bit differently to the way they are used today, and other words are used that are now only used sometimes in poetry.
"Romeo and Juliet", like many of Shakespeare's plays, is written is several different forms.
Some of it is prose, which is like normal speaking. The servants in the play usually talk in prose.
For example, two Capulet servants are planning to cause trouble with two Montague servants who are walking down the street.
Some of the play is written in poetry which rhymes on the ends of the lines.
The play finishes with two lines that rhyme. This is called a "rhyming couplet".
The most famous scene.
Of all the scenes that have ever been written in plays, one of the most famous is in "Romeo and Juliet".
After Romeo and Juliet have met at a party and fallen in love, Juliet goes up to bed. But she cannot sleep so she stands at her window and pretends she is talking with Romeo.
This romantic scene has been acted and copied many times, sometimes seriously and sometimes for fun. One well-known scene that took its idea from this, is from "West Side Story", a musical by Leonard Bernstein, which takes place on a fire-escape landing with the lovers, Tony and Maria, singing the lovesong, "Tonight".
Movies.
Romeo and Juliet has been performed on stage many times. There have also been forty different films

Comedy_Central
Comedy Central is an American cable television channel that specalises in showing comedy and humorous TV shows and movies, as well as stand-up comedy. It was launched on April Fool's Day, 1991 as a merger between MTV Networks' HA! and HBO's Comedy Channel.
The station's most successful programs include "South Park", "Mystery Science Theater 3000", "Win Ben Stein's Money", "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" and "The Dave Chappelle Show".

Frisian_language
A Frisian is someone who lives in Friesland. Friesland is a province in the Netherlands.
Frisian is also the language that is spoken in Friesland. It is a Germanic language related to Dutch, it is also the closest living language to English.

Lake_Constance
Lake Constace or Lake of Constance (German: "Bodensee") is a large Lake on the river Rhine. It is located on the border between Germany and Switzerland and Austria. It is the third largest lake in Central Europe after Lake Balaton and Lake Geneva. It is made of two smaller lakes (called "Obersee" and "Untersee" (Upper and lower lake) respectively). These are joined by a small part of river in Constance.
The lake covers about of total area.
There are three big islands in the lake. The islands Lindau and Mainau are located in the "Obesee". Rechenau is in the "Untersee". The Obersee is about long, from Bregenz to Ludwigshafen. It is about wide at its widest point between Romanshorn and Friedrichshafen. The deepest point is deep, between Fischbach and Uttwil (just off Constance).
The lake forms the border between Austria, Germany and Switzerland. On much of its length, this border has not been defined. Switzerland thinks the border runs through the middle of the lake. Austria thinks the lake is a condominium of all the countries. A condominium is a space that is governed by all countries taking part in it. Germany has no clear view.
Other legal issues, like navigation and fishing are governed by separate treaties. About 62% of the lake's shoreline belongs to Germany, about 33% to Switzerland, and the remaining 11% to Austria.
In 1961, the whole lake froze. This has not happened since then.

Stargard_Szczeciński
Stargard Szczeciński (German: "Stargard in Pommern") is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland, with 71,400 inhabitants (2003). Situated on the Ina river, it is the capital of Stargard County in West Pomeranian Voivodship.

Phish
Phish is a hippie/jam band. They formed in Vermont in 1983. They broke up in 2004. There lead singer was Trey Anastatio, who went on and formed his own band. Phish was often compared to a modern day Greatful Dead, and had a similar following with "Phish Heads" traveling across the country with the band on tour.
Phish can be to many not merely a band. It comes as a feeling or a memory, a laugh or a sigh. The beautiful music that has been made by the four members of Phish is some of the most mindblowing music there has been. But you have to get it. If you dont get IT...Then please please watch the link and foresee the magic yourselves http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpZ5NHPVIAk&feature=related

Architect
An architect is a person who designs buildings and prepares plans to give to a builder. What he or she designs is called architecture. Architects make drawings with pens, pencils, and computers, and this is also called drafting. Sometimes they first make small toy-sized buildings called models to show what the building will look like when it is done. Some of these models survive for hundreds of years, eg at St Paul's Cathedral, London.
Architects decide the size and shape of a building, and what it will be made from. They are the key designers of any and all buildings. Architects need to be good at math and drawing and must have imagination. They must go to university and study for a long time. There are special tests that must be taken before becoming an architect. For example, the tests make sure that architects know how to make the building's structure safe, so that it will not collapse. They should also know how to make a building attractive, so that people will enjoy using it. To be an architect you must go to college or a university for 5 years.
Although there has been architecture for thousands of years, there haven't always been architects. The great European cathedrals built in the Middle Ages were designed by a Master Builder, who scratched his designs on flat beds of plaster. Paper did not exist in Europe at this time and vellum or parchment were very expensive and could not be made in large sizes. Some cathedrals took hundreds of years to build, so the Master Builder would die or retire and be replaced and often plans changed. Some cathedrals were never finished, like Notre Dame in Paris or La Sagrada Familia in Barcelona.
An architect has a very important job, because his or her work will be seen and used by many people, probably for a very long time. If the design, materials and construction are good, the building should last for hundreds or even thousands of years. This is rarely the case. Usually building cost is what limits the life of a building, but fire, war, need or fashion can also affect things. As towns and cities grow, it often becomes necessary to make roads wider, or perhaps to build a new train station. Architects are employed again and so the city changes. Even very important buildings may get knocked down to make way for change.

Electrician
An electrician is a person who fixes the wires and switches in a building so that lights and outlets work the right way.

Iowa
Iowa is a state in the United States. Its capital and largest city is Des Moines. Iowa became a state in 1846. It was the 29th state to join the United States.
Geography.
Iowa is located in the Midwest of the United States. To the north of Iowa is Minnesota; to the west is Nebraska and South Dakota; to the south is Missouri; and to the east is Illinois.
The eastern side of the state is formed by the Mississippi River. It runs between Iowa and Illinois.
Most of Iowa is considered to be a plain.
Law and Government.
The government of Iowa has three branches, similar to the Federal government of the United States. The executive branch is headed by the governor, currently Chet Culver (D). The legislative branch is the Iowa General Assembly, composed of two houses - the Iowa Senate and the Iowa House of Representatives. The judicial branch is lead by the Iowa Supreme Court, which is currently headed by Chief Justice Marsha Ternus.
There are two major political parties in Iowa, the United States Democratic Party and the United States Republican Party, as well as several third parties. The Democratic party is currently in charge, as the governor is a Democrat and as both houses of the legislature are have Democratic majorities.
Iowa sends two senators and five representatives to Congress.
Economy.
There are many farms in Iowa. Iowa is well-known for its agriculture, and its main agricultural outputs are hogs, corn, soybeans, oats, cattle, and dairy products. Its industrial outputs include food processing and machinery. Iowa also produces more ethanol fuel than any other U.S. state.

Jenna_Bush
Jenna Welch Bush was born November 25, 1981. She is the younger of two fraternal twin girls born to George W. Bush, President of the United States. Her twin sister is Barbara Pierce Bush.
Jenna graduated from the University of Texas in 2004. She has become a public school teacher like her mother was.

Golden_Earring
Golden Earring is a Dutch rock band, founded in 1961 in The Hague as the Golden Earrings (the 's' was later dropped). They had international chart success with the songs "Eight Miles High" in 1969, "Radar Love" in 1973, "Twilight Zone" in 1982, and "When The Lady Smiles" in 1984. In their home country, they had over 40 hits and made over 30 gold and platinum albums. Current members of Golden Earring are Barry Hay (vocals, guitar, flute and saxophone, member since 1968), George Kooymans (vocals and guitar, founder of band), Rinus Gerritsen (bass and keyboard, founding member), and Cesar Zuiderwijk (drums and percussion, member since 1970). Golden Earring is the oldest still performing rockband in the world and have sold millions of albums worldwide.March 2009 Golden Earring will celebrate its comeback in the United Kingdom with two concerts, at the Ipswich Regent and at Shepherd's Bush Empire in London.
1961-1968.
Golden Earring was formed in 1961 in The Hague by 13-year-old George Kooymans and his 15-year-old neighbour, Rinus Gerritsen. Originally the name of the band was The Tornadoes. The name was changed to 'The Golden Earrings' when they discovered that "The Tornadoes" was already in use. The name 'The Golden Earrings' was taken from a song, originally sung by Marlene Dietrich in 1947 and a hit for Peggy Lee in 1948, with which they opened their concerts. The boys had their first chart success with their debut single "Please Go", recorded in 1965. It reached number 9 on the music charts in the Netherlands. because the band was not happy with the quality of the Dutch recording studios, the next single was recorded at Pye Studios in London. The song recorded at Pye, 'That Day', reached number two on the Dutch charts. It could not beat the 'The Beatles' 'Michelle' which stayed on number one position for weeks.In 1968, the band earned their first number one hit in the Netherlands with the pop song 'Dong Dong Diki Diki Dong'.
1969-1984 Golden Earring international.
This was followed by the success of their psychedelic album 'Eight Miles High' in 1969.It was the time of the hippies, flower power and Woodstock. On this album the most important song was an 18-minute version of the title track. The original text and music were written by The Byrds.
Golden Earrings live version, which could last 45 minutes, was one of the reasons the young band became very popular in America, in the summer of 1969. It was the first time the Golden Earrings did a tour in the USA and they discovered a country where rock music was made in a professional way.They played with Led Zeppelin, Carlos Santana, Jimi Hendrix, and Eric Clapton. This way they learned a lot and the band slowly was becoming a true hard rock band. Golden Earring went on their first major US tour in 1969 - 1970. Between 1969 and 1984, the band completed thirteen US tours. During this period, they performed as the opening act for The Who,Carlos Santana, Pink Floyd the Doobie Brothers, Rush and .38 Special and played together with a lot of other famous musicians. After their classic rocksong 'Radar Love' became an international super-hit in 1974, 'Golden Earring' even had KISS and Aerosmith as the opening-act of their concerts. in 1970 Jimi Hendrix wanted bass player Rinus Gerritsen in his Jimi Hendrix Experience. But Rinus wanted to stay in his own band so he said "no". Golden Earring enjoyed a brief period of international stardom but were unable to get further chart success until 1982's 'Twilight Zone', which was followed by The Lady Smiles' in 1984.
This became a #3 hit in Canada but in the USA} the videoclip for this song was banned from MTV because of nudity. Golden Earring turned their focus towards Europe, where they continue to attract large crowds and continue to perform. Golden Earring has recorded over 30 gold and platinum albums and singles, and inspired over 200 fellow bands who have covered their 1973-74 international hit and rock classic 'Radar Love', including REM, U2, Def Leppard, Bryan Adams and White Lion, who gave Radar Love a second run in the American charts in 1989.
1991 to the future.
In 1991 they had another hit with 'Going To The Run, a rock-ballad about a Hell's Angels motorclub member who was a friend of the band and died in a crash.The 'run' is how the Angels call their meetings, when they go driving their bikes together somewhere.
The Russian rock band Aria made a successfull cover of 'Going To The Run'.
From 1992 to 2004 the band released three acoustic live unplugged albums which became an instant success.Since 1992 the Earring does also acoustic unplugged theater-shows which continue to this date and usually sell out.The acoustic albums feature unplugged versions of famous hits of the band. Golden Earring: the same unchanged line-up of the same four musicians and friends since 1970,(augmented time to time with a fifth member), in a band founded in 1961. These two facts show clearly that Golden Earring is the one and only band which may truly carry the title "the longest still performing rock 'n' roll band on earth". But the four sworn friends from The Hague always keep their head cool as they heat it up night after night in sold out venues and theatres, when the crowd goes wild for these four living legends.Together they may be "rock's best kept secret" in the music universe.
The band inspired musicians like Rolling Stones and Iron Maiden who are fan of "Golden Earring".
Golden Earring is perhaps the oldest rock band in the world that is still performing and active on the road.In March 2009 they will make a comeback in England with concerts in Ipswich and London. On the 21th of Mach a big concert in the Colorline Arena in Hamburg Germany is planned as well as a new CD for which some songs have already been recorded.
Music.
Golden Earring was one of the first major European rock bands to tour the United States, in 1969.
They were at first inspired by The Beatles and other typical sixties pop groups like The Kinks.in 1966 The Golden Earrings performed together with The Kinks (famous for 'Lola') during a legendary concert in The Hague,Holland.On their first USA tour bands like Led Zeppelin and The Doors inspired Golden Earrings music and professionality.THey saw that the Americans had very good soundsystems and electrical equipment.Later they were influenced by Pink Floyd,Santana, Te Who when they performed together during the many american tours Golden Earring did.In total the band has been in over 40 US-states,even Hawaii. The Golden earring has used almost all styles you can find in rock and pop music, mostly straightforward (hard)rock nowadays,like guitar-rock, but in many of the over 400 songs they have recorded you can hear influences of hardmetal,rap,disco, folk, country, gospel and even latin.In the past their music was more psychedelic and progressive;this you can hear on albums like 'Moontan','Wall of Dolls' ('Golden Earring') and 'Eight Miles High'.Golden Earring always seeks ways to experiment with new styles and variations in the music they make.Usually they are their own producers and have a strong influence in the studio, because it is very important to 'catch' the typical Earring-sound on tape in the recording-studio.This is why the band often plays 'live'in the studio,that is: everybody plays together so the original live-sound is approached in the best way possible.For information on the instruments, the gear and technical equipment the band uses their own website is the best way to go to.
Radar Love.
Golden Earring has released music worldwide and enjoyed brief superstar status in the seventies when Radar Love, from the album Moontan, became a hit in both Europe and the USA. Moontan itself was awarded a gold record in the US. The ultimate Earring hitsong Radar Love has its own website. On this site are also found more than 200 covers of this classic rock song, which was voted "best car song ever" by readers of USA Today in 2005 and second-best "greatest driving song" in a poll of BBC's programme "Top Gear", after "Don't Stop Me Now" from Queen.A number of artists like U2, White Lion, R.E.M., and Bryan Adams have covered this international hit and rock classic. In total, over 200 covers exist of this song.
Twilight Zone.
George Kooymans wrote Twilight Zone, which appeared in 1982 and brought Golden Earring a second international round of success. This song was accompanied by one of the first rock videos, directed by Dick Maas. As the music television channel MTV had just been launched in 1981, the airplay helped "Twilight Zone" secure a Top Ten hit in the States.The song was inspired on the popular TVseries The twilight Zone.
When The Lady Smiles.
When the Lady Smiles, from the album News, was the next international hit in 1984, again helped by a video. It became a tophit in Europe and canada. But it never became a hit in the US because the original video was banned from MTV because of nudity and the rape of a nun. In 2008 Hillary Clinton used this song during her campaign to become the democratic candidate for president of the USA.
The Naked Truth.
Their best selling albums ever were Moontan of which over 1 million copies were sold worldwide, and the unplugged acoustic live CD/DVD The Naked Truth in 1992, which sold over 500,000 copies in the Netherlands alone and laid the foundation of their successful unplugged theatre tours that started in 1992 and continue to date. The first unplugged acoustic live album was followed by Naked II, and the trilogy was completed in 2005 with Naked III Live at The Panama.During unplugged concerts Rinus,the bass-player, sometimes uses a standing contrabass.

Testosterone
Testosterone is an androgen sex steroid hormone. A steroid hormone is one that is made from cholesterol. A sex hormone is one that regulates sexual changes in the body. An androgen is the male type of sex hormone.
The testicles of men make lots of testosterone. Ovaries and adrenal glands make testosterone too. But they make much less than the testicles do. So men have much higher testosterone levels than women.
Testosterone has two different kinds of effects. One effect is anabolic. This effect causes growth of muscle and bone. The other effect of testosterone is androgenic. These effects make the body look male. This includes the effects that boys have at puberty: growing a beard, making the penis and testicles bigger, and making the voice deeper.

Taste
Taste is one of the five senses. Taste is what someone feels on the tongue when food is in the mouth.

Johnny_Nash
John Lester "Johnny" Nash Jr. (August 19, 1940-), is a American reggae and soul singer. He was born in Houston, Texas USA.
His biggest hit was "I Can See Clearly Now" in 1972.
In his late teens Johnny Nash came to the attention of Arthur Godfrey and put in many appearances on his TV show. He also had a featured role in the motion picture "Take A Giant Step". Johnny began recording for the ABC Paramount label, and under the guidance of arranger producer Don Costa, he made a number of albums of standards. Including "Johnny Nash", "Let's Get Lost", "The Quiet Hour", "Studio Time" and "I Got Rhythm". Even though he posessed a superb singing voice, it seems that in the early 1960's, all young black male ballad singers were overshadowed by another Johnny. Johnny Mathis. Johnny Nash never really came into the forefront of pop music. He made a couple of obscure jazz tinged albums for the Argo label. Then after being off the scene for a couple of years, he emerged with a new music genre, the reggae, soul and caribbean type song stylings. This was the mid 70's and he found new fans and a new popularity.

Malaria
Malaria is an infectious disease. It is caused by parasites. People catch malaria when the parasite enters the blood. A parasite is an organism that lives off of another organism called a "host". A parasite takes from the host organism, but does not help it. Instead, it usually harms the host.
The parasite that causes malaria is a protozoan called "Plasmodium". Protozoa are organisms with only one cell, but they are not bacteria. Bacteria are smaller and simpler than protozoa.
"P. vivax" and "P. falciparum" cause the most malaria in people. "Falciparum" malaria is the worst kind, and kills the most people.
People usually get malaria from the Anopheles mosquitoes. The "Plasmodium" goes into people by mosquitoes bites. The "Plasmodium" is in the mosquito's saliva. (Saliva is moisture, or spit, made in the mouth.) The mosquito's saliva carries the "Plasmodium" into the person. The person is then infected with "Plasmodium". This makes the person have the disease malaria.
The kind of mosquito that carries malaria is the "anopheles" mosquito. Only the female mosquito gives people malaria, because only the female mosquito bites.
Some people do not get malaria from mosquitoes. A baby can get it while inside its mother. This is called "maternal-fetal transmission". People can also get malaria from a blood transfusion. This is when someone gives blood to another person. Another way people can catch malaria is by using a needle that someone with the disease used before them.
How "Plasmodium" lives in people.
When "Plasmodium" enter the blood, they are called "sporozoites". Sporozoites go to the liver, where they make many more sporozoites. Then they change into a different form of "Plasmodium". This form is the "merozoite". The merozoites go into the red blood cells, then they make many more merozoites.
The merozoites break out of the red blood cells again and again. When they do this, the person gets very sick, and shows symptoms of malaria. This happens every few days, and is called a paroxysm.
"P. vivax" and "P. ovale" can live in the liver for a long time. A person can look well, but still have the "Plasmodium" in the liver. This is called a "dormant phase". Weeks or months later, the "Plasmodium" can leave the liver to the blood, and the person will get sick again. pooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooopyyy
"P. falciparum" is the most dangerous type of malaria. It makes people sicker than those with other types of malaria, because there are more of them in the blood. Also, with "falciparum" malaria, the red blood cells are sticky. This makes the red blood cells block blood vessels. If blood vessels are blocked, this can hurt what the blood vessel brings blood to, and can hurt people's organs.
Who is affected by malaria.
Pregnant women and children are hurt most by malaria. When they get malaria, they get sicker.
Every year, 300 to 700 million people get malaria. It kills 1 million to 2 million people every year. The biggest problem is in Africa. 90% of the people who die from malaria are there. Most of the people who die from malaria are children. In Africa, 20% of children under five die from malaria. Even if children do not die, many have brain damage.
"Most" of these deaths could be stopped with medicine or with ways to stop mosquitoes. UNICEF says: the medicine that costs the most for malaria is only $2.40 to help one adult. But many of the places malaria may be found are in poor countries. These countries do not have enough money to stop the mosquitoes, or to give people medicine.
Symptoms of malaria.
Symptoms are changes in someone's body that are signs for a disease. Most people who get malaria get symptoms 10–30 days after they get infected (the "Plasmodium" gets in their blood.) But some people can get symptoms after only a week, and some may be infected with malaria and not have symptoms for a year.
The most common symptom of malaria is fever, when the body temperature is high. The fever from malaria usually comes very suddenly. The people who have Malaria often feel like they had influenza.
Complications from malaria.
Complications are problems that happen because of a disease.
Pregnant women and young children have more complications. People who get malaria for the first time have more complications. "Falciparum" malaria has the most complications.
How doctors tell if someone has malaria.
In places where malaria is, there may not be good medical care. People may "diagnose" malaria just by people having symptoms. Diagnose means to learn if a person has a disease. Doctors diagnose people sometimes just by symptoms. This is called a "clinical diagnosis". Doctors also use tests to see if people have a disease.
If a person has symptoms and is in a place where there is malaria, they might have malaria. To see if they have malaria, doctors may do a blood test. This test is called a "Giemsa blood smear". Blood is put on a slide which is a thin piece of glass. The "Giemsa" stain is put on the slide. This stain helps doctors see the malaria. Then they look at the slide under a microscope. The "Plasmodium" is seen in the red blood cells.
Sometimes the blood smear will not show "Plasmodium" even if the person has malaria. This can be because the stain was not good. It can also be because the microscope was not good. Or it can be because the person looking in the microscope did not know what "Plasmodium" look like.
There are other tests to diagnose malaria. These are more expensive. People do not use them as much. Sometimes people test to see if the "Plasmodium" is resistant to medicines to treat malaria. Resistance means the medicine cannot hurt the "Plasmodium". This means that taking the medicine will not cure someone with malaria, because it will not kill the "Plasmodium".
How to treat malaria.
People with different kinds of malaria need different medicines. The medicine that works for one kind of malaria may not for another kind. So it is very important to know which "species" of "Plasmodium" the person has.
If the species is not known, the person should be given medicine and care like they have "falciparum" malaria - the worst kind.
It is also important to know "where" the person got malaria. "Plasmodium" in some places are resistant to some medicines. So the medicines to treat malaria in Africa are different from the medicines to treat malaria from South America.
It is important for doctors to learn about malaria treatment. Resistance to medicines changes. Places where there was no resistance can get resistant malaria. So doctors need to know when this changes. If a doctor treats a person with malaria, he should know what places in the world have resistant malaria. If he has not treated a person in a long time, he should check before treating people.
Treatment of malaria other than falciparum.
Everywhere except New Guinea, the treatment is the same. In New Guinea most "P. vivax" is resistant to chloroquine. It can be treated with quinine, but this medicine can make people sick. Everywhere else, non-falciparum malaria is treated with chloroquine.
Chloroquine kills the "Plasmodium" in the blood. But the "Plasmodium" in the liver is not killed by chloroquine. "P. vivax" and "P. ovale" both stay in the liver a "long" time. This is the "dormant phase". Another medicine must be given with chloroquine for "P. vivax" and "P. ovale". This is to kill the "Plasmodium" in the liver. If this other medicine is not given, malaria can come back after months. It can even come back five years later.
The medicine used to kill malaria in the liver is "primaquine". In southeast Asia, some "P. vivax" is resistant to primaquine. Most other places, primaquine works very well.
Some people get very sick from primaquine. Some people do not make enough of an enzyme in the blood. This enzyme is called Glucose-6-Phosphate-Dehydrogenase (Acronym G6PD). People who do not have enough have a disease called G6PD deficiency (or favism). People with G6PD-deficiency get very "very" sick if they take primaquine. It makes their red blood cells all die. This can even kill them. So people have to be tested to see if they have G6PD-deficiency before they take primaquine.
Medicines to kill "P. vivax" and "P. ovale" in the liver are not safe for pregnant women. So a pregnant woman must usually take chloroquine until she has her baby.
Treatment of falciparum malaria.
"Falciparum" is the worst kind of malaria. Most people who die from malaria have "falciparum".
Even people who are treated with medicines at home should stay with the doctors for 8 hours. This is to make sure they do not get sicker. It also makes sure they can take the medicines by mouth.
"Falciparum" malaria also has more resistance to medicines. This makes it much harder to treat. "Falciparum" malaria is always treated with two or more medicines. Doctors choose the medicines by where in the world the person got malaria. Different places have "P. falciparum" that is resistant to different medicines.
The most important resistance is chloroquine-resistance. In some places in the world, "P. falciparum" is killed by chloroquine. In some places it is chloroquine-resistant. This means chloroquine does not kill it. In these places quinine can be used.
If people are very sick and cannot swallow medicines, they get "intravenous" (acronym IV) medicine. Intravenous means given into a vein. The IV medicine used for very bad chloroquine-resistant falciparum malaria is quinine. If people got malaria in a place with no chloroquine-resistance other medicines can be used. But sometimes doctors still use IV quinine. This is to be very certain they will kill the "P. falciparum".
Quinine is also taken by mouth.
How to prevent malaria.
The best way to treat malaria is to not get it!
Control mosquitoes.
"Vector control" is one way to stop malaria. Vector means an organism that carries an infectious disease to another organism. For malaria, the vector is the anopheles mosquito. It carries "Plasmodium" to people.
There are many ways to conduct a good "vector control". The best ways are different in different places. This depends on the environment. It also depends on how much malaria is in the place. So the "best" way to do vector control in the United States is different than the "best" way to do vector control in South Africa.
The most used method of vector control is pesticides. These are chemicals that kill the mosquito. The first pesticide used for vector control was DDT (dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane.) DDT was first used in World War II.
DDT worked very well for vector control. It killed mosquitoes. It did not make people very sick at the time it was used. It did not cost very much money. Other chemicals for vector control had not been invented yet.
Scientists also worried that DDT was making people and animals sick. Scientists think it might cause hormones to not work right. It might also make people and animals have trouble reproducing (getting pregnant and making babies.) It killed a lot of wildlife too.
They learned that DDT stays in the environment for a long time. They learned also that DDT used in one place may go all over the world. DDT used in Africa may go to Europe. So people are worried that DDT used today will stay in the world for a long time. This is why DDT is not allowed to be used in farming anymore.
For these reasons, people mostly use other chemicals for vector control. "Organophosphate" or "carbamate" pesticides are used, like "malathion" or "bendiocarb". These cost more money than DDT. And there are ways to control malaria that don't use chemicals at all.
Vector control is not the only way to stop malaria. And DDT is not the only chemical that can be used for vector control. The best way to stop malaria is to use a combination of methods. In some places, DDT may be a useful part of a program to stop malaria. This is why DDT is still allowed to be used for controlling malaria.
Keeping mosquitoes from biting.
The mosquito that carries malaria comes more at dawn (when the sun comes up) and dusk (when the sun goes down.) Be most careful at these times.
Wear long pants and shirts with long sleeves.
Wear mosquitoes repellent (this is a chemical that mosquitoes do not like, so they do not bite.) Mosquitoes will bite through thin cloth. So repellent should be used on skin "and clothes".
Pesticides can be used in rooms to kill mosquitoes.
When sleeping outside, people use a mosquito net. This is made from cloth that air can go through but keeps mosquitoes out. It is put over a bed where people sleep to keep mosquitoes out. Sometimes people also use it when they are not sleeping. It is best to use mosquito nets that have been treated with Permethrin, which repels and kills mosquitoes.
Taking medicine to not get sick.
People can take medicine when they are in a place where there is malaria. This medicine makes them get malaria less. This is called "prophylaxis".
Some people take prophylactic medicines for years. Many people in areas where there is malaria do not have the money to buy this medicine.
People who live where there is no malaria usually have "not" had malaria. The first case malaria is usually much worse. So people from places where there is no malaria may take prophylactic medicines when they go to places where there is malaria.
The kind of prophylactic medicines people take depends on where they are. This is because not all medicines work on the malaria in every place. Some "Plasmodium" are resistant. Even if the right medicine is used, it does not always work. Sometimes people get malaria even if they take prophylaxis. Sometimes this is because people do not take the medicine the right way. But even if it is taken right, it does not always work.
To make them work best, prophylactic medicines have to be taken the right way. The medicine should start "before" going to an area with malaria. Most medicines should be taken for 4 weeks after coming home. One medicine (Malarone) only needs to be used for "one" week after coming home.

Learning_English
Learning English is what people do when they want to learn how to speak and listen to the English language. People who want to learn English usually also learn to read and write at the same time.
A lot of people learn English at school, where English is a common subject.
A lot of people also want to spend their own personal time to learn English. They might know no English when they start, or they might have learnt some English at school.
Institutional learning.
Many people join lessons like school lessons but at learning centres where any people can go, no matter their age. In such a centre they will join a class fitting their existing level of learning of English, so that they will be in a group for the teacher to help them learn.
An example of this type of learning is at the classes by the British Council. is their website.
Individual learning.
Other people try to learn English on their own, or in a less formal setting than in a group of people with a teacher.
People might meet with others who are trying to learn English, in order to practice their standard of English when speaking.
People can also listen to radio broadcasts in English, or watch television programmes in English to help them improve their listening ability. A popular channel to listen to the radio on is broadcast by the BBC, called the.
People can also study English by reading books, or listening to English courses on recorded CDs or cassettes.
Online learning.
A popular way to learn English in the modern world is to make use of the internet where there are many websites that can help learners. The BBC World Service has a free website for people who are learning English as a second or foreign language called.
There are many online community forums such as, where many people meet to learn English. Questions are answered quickly even with help from volunteer teachers from all over the world.

New_Mexico
New Mexico is a state in the United States of America. It is considered part of the American Southwest and is bordered by Texas to the east, Oklahoma to the northeast, Colorado to the north, and Arizona to the west. The northwest corner of the state also touches Utah. This area is know as the Four Corners because four states meet there. The state is called Land of Enchantment / Tierra del Encanto
New Mexico became a state on January 6, 1912 and became the 47th state accepted into the United States. The state capital is Santa Fe. New Mexico's population is 1,819,046 and most of the people live in the biggest city, Albuquerque.
Interesting Places To Visit.
New Mexico is home to 18 Indian tribes, across the state.
Old Indian ruins, such as Chaco Canyon and Bandelier,were home to thousands of
Native Americans hundreds and thousands of years ago.
The first nuclear weapon otherwise know as the atomic bomb was teated at Trinity test site at White Sands in southern New Mexico. 275 square miles are covered in white gypsum sand.
The Kasha-Katuwe Tent Rocks National Park has large rocks made of pumice and tuff. The rocks are shaped like teepees and have a large rock, a "hat" that sits on top.
Roswell New Mexico is home to the yearly UFO festival.
Albuquerque hosts a Balloon Fiesta every year. Nearly 1 million people visit with over a thousand balloons participating. About 50 states and 20 countries come to Albuquerque for this event. Albuquerque is home to the Sandia Mountains and a 2.7 mile long tramway, the world's longest tramway.
The Gila National Forest is 3.3 million acres of wilderness open for camping, hiking and fishing.
Carlsbad Caverns is also one of the most famous places in New Mexico. It has beautiful rock sculptures and is known around the world for its amazing sights.

Galena
Galena is the main ore of lead. It is mostly lead(II) sulphide.

Peptic_ulcer
A peptic ulcer is an ulcer of the stomach or duodenum. The duodenum is the first part of the small intestines. It is the tube that food goes through when it leaves the stomach. "Peptic" means talking about the stomach.
Gastric ulcers are peptic ulcers in the stomach.
Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum.
Causes of peptic ulcers.
Most ulcers are caused by an infection from bacteria. This bacteria is called "Helicobacter pylori". 90% of gastric ulcers and 75% of duodenal ulcers are from "Helicobacter pylori" infection.
Symptoms of peptic ulcers.
A symptom is a change in the body that tells someone that they have a disease. The biggest symptom is pain in the stomach. Pain is usually in the top of the abdomen below the ribs. Some people also feel pain go up to the chest.
Diagnosis of peptic ulcers.
The best way is "endoscopy". But this costs more money. Endoscopy is done by a medical specialist called a "gastroenterologist" (a doctor who knows much about the digestive system.)
A good thing about endoscopy is finding other diseases if there is no peptic ulcer. The symptoms of peptic ulcer can be from other diseases. Endoscopy can diagnose these other diseases.
Treatment of peptic ulcers.
The most important treatment is to stop the "Helicobacter pylori" infection. This is done with antibiotics. Antibiotics are medicines that kill germs like bacteria. More than one antibiotic is used.
Both of these medicines make the cells in the stomach stop making acid.
To stop peptic ulcers people must use antacids "and" antibiotics. The antibiotics kill the "Helicobacter pylori". The antacids let the stomach heal.
Once the medicines are done, the ulcer should be gone. It can come back. It comes back if the person gets "Helicobacter pylori" again.

Missouri
Missouri is one of the fifty states in the United States. Its capital is Jefferson City. Its largest cities are Kansas City and Saint Louis.
Missouri's edges touch a total of eight states. It is touched on the north by Iowa; on the east, across the Mississippi River, by Illinois, Kentucky, and Tennessee; on the south by Arkansas; and on the west by Oklahoma, Kansas, and Nebraska (Kansas and Nebraska are across the Missouri River). The largest cities in Missouri are Kansas City and St. Louis

Tooth
A tooth is one of the hard, white things in your mouth. Teeth (plural) are used to chew food. "Chew" means to break up and crush food so it can be swallowed (pushed down into your stomach). Some animals also use teeth as a weapon.
Tooth eruption.
Children have 20 teeth. The first teeth (called "primary teeth") start to "erupt" (come through the skin of the jaw) when a baby is 5-10 months old. When these teeth erupt it can hurt. Babies chew on things to make the pain better. This is called "teething" (verb infinitive: "to teethe"). Most children have all 20 teeth by 2 or 3 years of age. At age 6-7 the "permanent" teeth start to erupt. By the age of 11-12 most children have 28 adult teeth. The last 4 teeth, called "wisdom teeth" or "third molars" come in by age 17-21 in most people. Some people never grow wisdom teeth. Or they may have only 2 instead of 4.
Tooth structure.
The outside white part of teeth is called the "enamel". The enamel is made of calcium and phosphate. Under the enamel is the "dentin". The dentin is softer than the hard enamel. So it is hurt more by dental decay (cavities.) Under the dentin is the "pulp" which has the nerves and blood vessels that go to the tooth. This is the part that causes the pain of a toothache. "Cementum" is outside the dentin where there is no enamel. Cementum holds the tooth to the bone of the jaw.
Healthy teeth.
If they are protected and kept clean, teeth should stay for a person's whole life. Many people lose their teeth early because they do not do the right things to keep teeth healthy.
Disease of teeth.
Plaque is the soft white substance that forms on teeth when they are not cleaned. It has bacteria in it that hurt enamel. If plaque is not cleaned off, after 2 days it can become tartar. Tartar is a hard substance that forms on teeth (mostly near the gums). Tartar makes gums unhealthy and makes more bacteria grow on the teeth.
Plaque is cleaned off with a toothbrush. If tartar forms on teeth, a dentist must clean it off.
The bacteria that are on teeth eat into the enamel. Cleaning teeth, flossing teeth, eating good foods, and having a dentist take off plaque make less bacteria on teeth. If there is too much bacteria, they eat enamel faster than teeth make enamel. This makes holes in enamel called cavities. When a person gets cavities, he has the disease dental caries. Making cavities in enamel happens slowly. But once cavities go through enamel, the soft dentin is hurt much faster. If the cavity is not fixed by a dentist, it can go into the root. This permanently hurts the tooth. Once this happens the tooth must be taken out or the dentist must do a root canal (a surgery to replace the root with a chemical substance to keep the tooth in place, at times dangerous.) If the tooth is not fixed with a root canal or is not taken out, a tooth infection can happen. This infection can spread onto the face. It can even kill the person if not helped by a dentist or doctor.

Nerve
A nerve is a group of special nerve cells grouped together in parallel. Another word for nerve cell is neuron. The special neurons grouped together in nerves take information (messages) to and from the body to the central nervous system. The central nervous system (acronym) CNS is the brain and spinal cord. The spinal cord is the big cord that goes from the brain into the back. It carries all the information that goes from the brain to the nerves in the body.
All the nerves in the body make the peripheral nervous system (acronym PNS). The brain and spinal cord are the CNS. All the nerves that come from the spinal cord are the PNS. Together the CNS and PNS are the nervous system.
Nerve Structure.
Nervand cells called glia. Glia are not neurons, but they are very important. They keep the neurons safe and healthy.neurons take messages to and from the CNS to the restThe dendrite and axon are fibers that go out from the cell body. Axons take information "away from" the cell body. Dendrites take information to the cell body.
Types of nerves.
"Efferent" nerves take messages to the CNS (brain) from the body. They take messages about sensation from the skin. They take messages about the position of the body from the muscles. They take messages about the function of organs like the heart and stomach.
"Afferent" nerves take messages from the CNS to the body. They take messages that tell muscles to move. They take messages to glands. They tell glands like "sweat glands" to make sweat (the water that comes out of your skin when you are hot.)
Diseases of nerves.
There are many diseases of nerves. A disease of nerves is also called a "neuropathy".

Super_Mario_64
Super Mario 64 is a video game created by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64. It's the first Mario game that uses 3D graphics. In 2004, the game was re-released for the Nintendo DS as "Super Mario 64 DS". It has new characters you can play as and minigames. Many fans and critics think that "Super Mario" 64 is one of the best video games ever made.
Story.
Mario, an Italian plumber, has to save Princess Peach from the reptile monster Bowser. To do so, he has to win stars by completing courses inside different paintings of the Mushroom Kingdom.
The story begins when Peach invites Mario to her castle to give him a special cake that she has made for him. By the time Mario arrives, however, Bowser has taken control of the castle and has kidnapped Peach and stolen the power of the castle. Mario must save the princess and the kingdom before it's too late.
The main hub of the game is Princess Peach's castle. There are many locked doors inside that the player must open with the stars that they have collected. There are six stars within each level. To unlock another world, players must have the stars required. One world requires two stars, for instance. Each locked door leads to more levels, and to more difficult challenges. Mario can also leave the castle and explore the small courtyard.
Appearances in other games.
In the original Super Smash Bros. for the Nintendo 64 console, Princess Toadstool's castle is a playable stage in which the fighters fight on top of the roof, Mario can be the owner of the area.
In Mario Party, Peach's stage is a large birthday cake with the player can travel through.

Hearing
Hearing is one of the five senses. The ears are used for hearing (listening to) sounds. The noun form of hearing may also be used to refer to a meeting, usually one where the public is invited to come and help decide something.
Sometimes the phrase "I hear you." can be used to mean, "I understand." It is harder to hear a sound made farther away. It is also harder to hear a sound when other sounds are louder.

Abortion
In mammals, an abortion is when a pregnancy ends early without the birth of offspring. This is usually called a miscarriage. Abortions occur spontaneously, usually because something went wrong with the pregnancy. Humans also have the possiblity to end the pregnancy before the child is born. A human child takes about 38 weeks to grow and be born. Normally, this occurs about 40 weeks after the mother's last menstruation.
Types of abortions.
There are two kinds (or types) of abortion. Sometimes, things go wrong during a pregnancy. These things may lead to the death of the unborn child. Depending on when the unborn child dies, such abortions are called "miscarriage" or "stillbirth".
In some cases finishing the pregnancy might be very dangerous to the pregnant woman. Bearing a child might also be very difficult for her. In such cases, things can be done to end the pregnancy. This is called an "induced abortion".
The unborn child is called embryo for the first eight weeks of the pregnancy, and fetus for the remaining 32 weeks.
In both types of abortion, the unborn child is usually expelled from the womb (a "complete" abortion). In some cases, the it remains inside the womb (a "missed" abortion) and surgery is required to remove it.
Names.
People speak of "sponaneous abortion" or "miscarriage" when an embryo or fetus is lost due to natural causes before the 20th week of pregnancy. A pregnancy that ends this way, but that is between 20 and 37 weeks old is known as "premature birth" if the baby is born alive. If the fetus dies in the womb after 20 weeks, or while it is born, this is known as "stillbirth". Premature births and stillbirths are generally not considered to be miscarriages.
How common they are.
Spontaneous abortions (miscarriages) are common. About 15% of pregnancies end in spontaneous abortion. In many cases, the woman is not even aware she was pregnant. The pregnancy is only a few days or weeks old and the woman believes the miscarriage is just her menses. About 25% percent of all women will have a spontaneous abortion during their lives.
Most miscarriages occur very early. Between 10% and 50% of pregnancies end with a miscarriage,
where the mother or the doctors are aware of it. These figures depend on the age and health of the pregnant woman. Most spontaneous abortions occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant. One particular study showed a rate of pregnancy in exposed ovulatory cycles of 59.6%; with 61.9% of conceptuses lost before 12 weeks. 91.7% of these occuried subclinically, without the knowledge of the mother.
The risk of spontaneous abortion decreases sharply after the 10th week of pregnancy, with a loss rate between 8.5 weeks LMP and birth of about two percent; pregnancy loss is “virtually complete by the end of the embryonic period."
Some people are more likely to have a spontaneous abortion.
Those people who have already had several spontaneous or induced abortions run a greater risk of having a spontaneous one. Those with certain diseases, and those over the age 35 also run a greater risk. Other causes for abortions can be the infection of either the woman or unborn baby or their immune response. Certain diseases or an accidental trauma can also cause a spontaneous abortion. Putting the woman under trauma or stress to cause miscarriage is considered induced abortion. Some countries call this feticide.
Cause of spontaneous abortions.
Most miscarriages are due to problems with the copying of chromosomes, but some are caused by environmental factors. When a baby is made, it gets 23 chromosomes from its mother and 23 from its father. If it does not get the right number its development happens wrong (it does not grow right.) It may have many bad birth defects (diseases a baby is born with.)
Most babies with chromosome problems will not live for a long time. They die very early. There are a few chromosome problems that babies can sometimes be born with. For example, Down Syndrome happens when a baby has three chromosome #21. (Usually people have 2 of every chromosome.) This is called "trisomy 21" (tri- means 3.)
Symptoms of spontaneous abortions.
The most common symptom is bleeding from the vagina. This can be very little blood (less blood than a normal menses.) It can be very much blood (much more than a normal menses.)
Some women have bad pains in their low abdomen when they have a miscarriage. This is sometimes like the pain of menses. It can be much worse. Or a woman may have no pain at all. If the pregnancy is many weeks old, the woman may see the fetus when it comes out. But if it is less than 12 weeks old a woman may not see anything but blood.
Treatment of spontaneous abortions.
Sometimes no treatment is needed. Sometimes doctors do a surgical abortion. This is the same kind of surgery that is done for induced abortions. Sometimes doctors give women medicines to help the miscarriage finish without needing surgery.
Induced abortions.
Induced abortions are done by doctors. In those countries where abortion can be done legally, it is often done by specialists who know a lot about the female organism. Abortions done illegally are often performed by people without this special knowledge. This makes them more dangerous.
Kinds of induced abortions.
Surgical induced abortions are where the unborn child is taken out by a physical act. The kind of surgical abortion done depends on how long the pregnancy has gone on. It is easier in earlier stages of the pregnany. There are less problems that can occur. So it is best to do a surgical abortion as early as possible.
Chemical abortions are where a doctor gives a woman a medicine to end the pregnancy. There are two medicines used for this. The medicines are mifepristone (RU-486) and methotrexate. These two medicines both kill the fetus. Then the abortion happens like a "spontaneous" abortion.
Controversy about induced abortions.
A controversy is when people do not agree on something. Induced abortion is very controversial. Some people think a woman should be able to have an induced abortion if she decides that she does not want to complete her pregnancy for whatever reason. Some people think a woman should only be able to have an induced abortion if she will get very ill if she stays pregnant. (Some women have diseases that make pregnancy very dangerous, and there are rare cases of women who might die if the baby is allowed to grow and be born.) Some people think women should never be able to kill the fetus by having an abortion.
People think these different things because of morals (things people believe about what is right and wrong to do) and human rights. People also think these things because of their religion. Some religions say induced abortions are very bad because they kill a tiny innocent human person. Others think that an induced abortion, while not right, is still something a woman should be able to choose in order to control her life.
People who think a woman should be able to have an induced abortion sometimes say they are "Pro-Choice" (they think a woman should have the right to "choose").
People who think the unborn baby is a person and has the right to stay alive and not be killed by abortion say they are "Pro-Life" (they think an unborn child has the human right to life).
Some people feel very strongly about abortion. A very small number of people have attacked or bombed the "clinics" (places where doctors and nurses work) and killed people who work in these places. They have done this because they view a fetus or embryo the same as a baby. They think that when a doctor performs an abortion he is killing a baby, so they kill the doctor to prevent him from killing any more babies. For example, in 1998 James Kopp shot abortion Dr. Barnett Slepian to death.
The American Medical Association approves of abortion and some people share this opinion. They think that the embryo or fetus is a part of the woman's body and is not a human person. They think a woman can kill the unborn fetus in order to control her body.
The American College of Pro-Life Physisicans considers the embryo or fetus to be a human person who deserves respect and medical care. Some people agree, and are against abortion because they feel the unborn baby has a right to live, and the woman's right to control her body is not so important that she can decide to kill the unborn fetus.
Physical problems.
Abortion is safer than childbirth, if it is done before the 16th week of pregnancy and a professional does the abortion. Certain Abortion methods are pretty safe, and complications are rare. Generally, stopping a pregnancy that has gone on longer is riskier.
Women typically feel a small amount of pain during first-trimester abortion procedures. In a 1979 study of 2,299 patients, 97% reported experiencing some degree of pain. Patients rated the pain as being less than earache or toothache, but more than headache or backache.
Local and general anesthesias are used during the procedure
Psychological problems.
Few studies have been done to see if an abortion affects the woman psychically. Those that have been done give contradictory results. One study looked at 13.000 women who had become pregnant even though they did not want to. The study found that having an induced abortion does not increase the risk of getting pyschical problems; the group that was compared were women who also did not want to have a baby, but who did not have an abortion. Other studies showed similar results: women who had an abortion did better in school or at work after the abortion. Another study showed that women who had an abortion had a higher self-esteem and felt better than those who did not.
Many women who had an abortion felt better afterwards, they also felt relieved. They would do it again in a similar situation.
A study done in New Zealand in 2006 showed that many women who had an abortion develeoped severe depressions up to 4 years after they had the abortion. They were also more likely have problems with alcohol and illegal drugs that those women who did not have an abortion. The person who oversaw the study later told media that given these results it would be very hard to say that having an abortion has no psychological effects on the womam who has is. He called the abortion "a traumatic experience"
Other problems.
Both spontaneous and induced abortions have some risk for the woman. (Risk means chance that a bad thing may happen.)
If a bad thing happens because of a surgery or medicine that a doctor gives, or because of a miscarriage, it is called a "complication". Complications of abortions can be infection, bleeding, pain. There may or may not be problems getting pregnant again; this is still being researched. In places where induced abortions are legal less than 1% of induced abortions have a bad complication. If doctors do induced abortions, the risk to the woman is less than the risk of complications of childbirth (having the baby). In places where induced abortions are legal, less women have complications of induced abortion than in places where induced abortion is illegal. This is because induced abortions that are not done by doctors have much more risks. For example, after induced abortions became legal in the United Stated in 1973, less women died from having abortions. In the United States in 2000, 11 women died from the complications of legal abortion. The risk of death from a legal abortion is 1/100 of the risk of an appendectomy. The risk of death from an injection (shot) of penicillin (an antibiotic) is bigger than the risk of death from a legal abortion.
There can be emotional problems for the woman after a spontaneous or induced abortion. She may feel sad, angry, or guilty that she had a miscarriage or asked for an abortion. She may think she has done something wrong that made the miscarriage happen or ended the life of the fetus, or she may feel intense grief at the loss of her pregnancy or child There are many places where women can get help dealing with these feelings.
Some women who have induced abortions may get criticism from friends or family who have different beliefs. When scientists look at this in research studies, however, they do not usually see that women have emotional problems after induced abortions. In 1987, President Ronald Reagan told the Surgeon General of the US to look at this question. Both president Reagan and the Surgeon General C. Everett Koop did not think abortion was right. Dr Koop looked at 250 papers that scientists wrote in scientific journals. Dr Koop said that the science we know does not show that induced abortions cause emotional problems for women who have them.
Abortion and the law.
Induced abortion is not legal in every place. In some countries, a doctor who does an induced abortion is doing a "crime". In the United States, Canada, and many countries in Europe abortion is legal (not a crime). In some countries like Ireland and Somalia it is legal only to save the life of the woman. If a woman is raped in Ireland and becomes pregnant, she cannot get an induced abortion. She must have the baby of the man who raped her. (Rape is when a person is forced to have sex.) In some countries like Chile and El Salvador it is never legal. Even if a woman will die if she keeps a pregnancy, she cannot have an induced abortion.
In countries where induced abortion is not legal many more women die from abortion. Women still get induced abortions, but they cannot get them in safe hospitals and clinics. These induced abortions have more complications than abortions done by doctors.

Gastrointestinal_system
The gastrointestinal system is the body system that eats and digests food. It also gets rid of waste after digestion. The gastrointestinal system starts at the lips and ends at the anus.
The gastrointestinal tract is the "gut" and other organs that help us digest food.
The gut is the round tubes that food goes through and is digested.
Food does not go through these organs. But they help the gut digest the food. They also have other work. For example the pancreas, thyroid, liver, and parathyroids are also endocrine glands that make hormones like insulin.
There are many diseases that affect the gastrointestinal system. Doctors who study the gastrointestinal tract are called gastroenterologists.

Rugby_football
Rugby football is a sport that people play around the world. Many people play rugby in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, France, South Africa, Argentina, Japan, USA, Canada the Pacific Islands and some 100+ other countries. It is the World's premier oval ball football and is usually just called "rugby".
Rugby football is named after a school in England called Rugby school. Legend has it that one day in 1823, a senior boy called William Webb Ellis elected to run with the ball rather than retiring to kick it as was the normal mode of play in Rugby School football matches. "Running in" was not considered quite the done thing then but was later formalised in the laws of Rugby Football (first published in 1846). Association Football (Soccer) was not formalised until 1863 and even then allowed handling of the ball, but not catching it and running with it. In the mid 1860's an attempt was made to provide one set of laws for all football but there were irreconcilable differences (mainly concerning "hacking" i.e. dispossessing an opponent of the ball by kicking him in the shins). The "hackers" went on to eventually play rugby football even though hacking was barred a few years later; while the "anti-hackers" went on to form Association Football (Soccer)eventually banning any handling.
Rugby football is played on a field by two teams of 15 people. The ball is slightly pointy at both ends. At each end of the field there is a goal made out of poles, shaped like the letter H in English. There is also an area called the in-goal. Players try to take the ball to the other teams in-goal and place it on the ground. If they do that, they score a "try". They can also then try to score a "goal". To score a goal, they have to kick the ball through the top of the H on the other teams side.
To try and stop the other team scoring, players try to tackle each other. Tackling in rugby means that they try to grab the other person and stop them from moving, or make them fall on the ground.
There are two types of rugby, called rugby union and rugby league. The two types of rugby moved away from each other because they did not agree about the how players were treated when they were injured while playing a game. Rugby union is played by more people than rugby league, but many people play rugby league in the UK, Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea. In most other places, the word "rugby" means rugby union.
Every four years, there is a championship of the rugby union teams from countries all over the world. It is called the Rugby World Cup, and the next Rugby World Cup will be in 2011, in New Zealand.

Semen
Semen () is the fluid that comes out from the end of a man's penis when he has an orgasm (the height of sexual excitement) and ejaculates. It is usually a white or yellowish, sticky substance made up of sperm (male cells for sexual reproduction) floating in a fluid called seminal plasma that has different chemicals in it. Normally, an ejaculation makes between 1.5 and 5 millilitres (up to one teaspoonful) of semen.
After ejaculation, semen first becomes slightly thick and sticky. It is believed that semen does this so that if the man has had sex with a woman and has ejaculated inside her vagina, the semen stays in her vagina for longer and does not leak out. Between five and 40 minutes after this, semen becomes more liquid and watery. This probably allows the sperm in the semen to move through the vagina and into the woman's uterus and Fallopian tubes to try and fertilize an ovum (egg cell).
Some scientists think that semen that is taken into a woman's body causes her not to feel depressed or sad. On the other hand, if semen touches another person's body, it can pass on sexually transmitted infections (STIs). In a few cases, it can also make the other person's immune system weaker, or cause the person to have an allergic reaction. The risks of these health problems happening can be reduced if the man wears a condom when having sex.
Many cultures around the world once thought or still think that semen has special or even magical qualities. Showing semen in forms of popular culture such as art and movies has for a long time been taboo, that is, not generally accepted by society. However, since the late 20th century artists and moviemakers have done so more often.
Words.
The English word "semen" comes from the Latin word "sēmen", which means "seed". In fact, "seed" was an old-fashioned name for semen. The Latin word "sēmen" itself came from another Latin word, "serěre", which means "to plant (a plant into the ground) or to sow (seeds in the earth)". It was once thought that semen was like a seed that grew into a baby after being "planted" inside a woman's body.
Another name for semen is "ejaculate". Some slang words for semen are "cream", "cum", "jism", "jizz", "load", "spooge", "spunk" and "wad".
The way it looks and its nature.
Semen is the fluid that comes out from the end of a man's penis when he has an orgasm (the height of sexual excitement) and ejaculates. It is usually white, but may also be slightly grey or yellow. If there is blood in the semen, it can look pink or reddish. This is a condition called hematospermia, and may be due to some blockage, inflammation, infection or injury to some part of the male sex organs, such as the urethra, epididymis, prostate or testicles. A doctor should be seen if the pink or reddish colour does not go away after a few days.
Men ejaculate different amounts of semen. Normally, an ejaculation makes between 1.5 and 5 millilitres (up to one teaspoonful) of semen. More semen tends to come out if a man has not ejaculated for many days, or if he has been stimulated (made sexually excited) for a long time. Older men produce less semen. If a man ejaculates an unusually small amount of semen, this is a medical condition called hypospermia.
After a man has ejaculated, semen first becomes slightly thick and sticky, and may feel a bit like jelly and clump together in globs. Scientists think that semen does this so that if the man has had sex with a woman and has ejaculated inside her vagina, the semen stays in her vagina for longer and does not leak out. Between five and 40 minutes after this, semen becomes more liquid and watery. This probably allows the sperm in the semen to move through the vagina and into the woman's uterus and Fallopian tubes to try and fertilize an ovum (egg cell). If semen is ejaculated outside the body, after becoming watery it eventually dries up.
What it is made up of.
Seminal plasma protects and provides food for sperm as they travel inside a woman's body. The inside of a woman'a vagina does not suit sperm cells as it is acidic. To protect the sperm from the acid, seminal plasma is alkaline. A woman's immune system also tries to kill organisms (living things) that are not part of her body. Seminal plasma has chemicals called prostaglandins in it to stop the woman's body from killing the sperm.
Semen that does not have any germs in it (see below) is not harmful if it is swallowed, for example after a person has had oral sex with a man and the man ejaculates in that person's mouth.
Semen quality.
If there are an unusually low number of sperm in an ejaculation, this is called oligospermia. If there are no sperm at all, this is called azoospermia. A man with oligospermia or azoospermia is usually infertile, and cannot or finds it very hard to make a woman pregnant by having sex with her.
Benefits.
Studies seem to say that semen is an anti-depressant. This means that it causes women not to feel depressed or sad. The studies found that when men had sex with women without using condoms, and the men's semen was taken into the women's vaginas, the women had better moods and felt happier. Scientists do not yet know if the same thing happens when semen is swallowed after oral sex, but some of them think it may.
Passing on disease.
If a man has a sexually transmitted infection or STI (an infection that is passed from one person to another by sex), the germs that cause the disease can appear in his semen. If the person that the man has sex with touches the semen, he or she can become infected by the germs and pick up the disease. AIDS, chlamydia, gonorrhea, hepatitis B, herpes and syphillis are examples of STIs. One of the ways for a man to lower the chance of passing on an STI to his sexual partner is to wear a condom on his penis when having sex.
Making the immune system weaker.
Some scientists think that parts of semen, such as sperm and seminal plasma, can make another person's immune system weaker. Experiments show that when substances in a man's semen enter another person's body, that person's body makes antibodies. Antibodies are large Y-shaped proteins used by the body's immune system to stop foreign objects from harming the body. However, the antibodies made in response to substances in semen attack one of the body's own cells, called T lymphocytes. This weakens the body's immune system.
Allergy.
In a very small number of cases, people have experienced allergic reactions when they touched semen. This is called human seminal plasma hypersensitivity. The symptoms (signs of the medical problem) can either be near the part of the body which touched the semen, or all over the body. They may include itching of the vagina, redness, swelling or blisters within 30 minutes of contact. They may also include itching and hives (large, red, itchy patches) all over the body, and even difficulty breathing.
The best way to test for human seminal plasma hypersensitivity is for a man to use a condom when having sex. When a condom is used, after ejaculation the man's semen stays inside the condom and does not touch the body of the person he is having sex with. If the man's sexual partner usually has allergic symptoms to semen but does not have any when a condom is used, this may show that his partner's body is extra-sensitive to semen. A person can often get over a mild semen allergy by coming into contact with semen often. If the allergic reaction is very bad, the person should see a doctor, especially if she is a woman trying to get pregnant. In such cases, it may be necessary for the woman to have a baby through artificial insemination. This is a medical way of fertilizing a woman's ova using a man's sperm without the man and the woman having sexual intercourse.
Popular culture.
Displaying semen in forms of popular culture such as art and movies has for a long time been taboo, that is, not generally accepted by society. However, since the late 20th century artists and moviemakers have done so more often.
Visual arts.
The American photographer Andres Serrano sometimes takes photographs of body fluids and displays them as artworks. One example is "Blood and Semen II" (1990), which is a picture of blood and semen mixed together. Some people are shocked by such pictures and think it is wrong of him to make them, while others think that as an artist he should be free to create such works. Another of Serrano's pictures, "Blood and Semen III", was featured on the cover of the 1996 music album "Load" by the American heavy metal band Metallica.
The United Kingdom-based artists Gilbert Proesch and George Passmore, better known as Gilbert and George, have also used semen and other body fluids to create artworks.
Movies.
Apart from pornographic movies showing people having sex, semen is usually not shown in movies as many people think that doing so is obscene (not decent). However, some movies that have shown semen are the American comedy movies "There's Something about Mary" (1998), "American Pie" (1999), "Scary Movie" (2000) and "Scary Movie 2" (2001). In the Spanish movie "Y tu mamá también" ("And Your Mother Too", 2001), there is a scene where two high-school boys who are friends lie on diving boards over a swimming pool and masturbate (make themselves sexually excited). Semen is later shown floating on the water. Such movies are usually not thought to be suitable for children to watch.

Surgery
Surgery is an operation that involves a doctor. The doctor helps their patients by taking out, changing or fixing parts of the human body. Doctors who study surgery are called surgeons. All surgeons are an expert in an area of their choice, for example a surgeon that operates on bones is called an orthopaedic (orth-o-pae-dic) surgeon.
Surgery (operations) can be very simple, like taking a tooth out. Surgery can also be very complicated, like surgery to remove a cancer.
Operating rooms have to be very clean places. The doctors and nurses go to great lengths to keep the room clean where the surgery is done. Regular cleaning of the room and its tools is done to keep everything clean and germ-free.
Everyone in the operating room must wear special clothes, hats, shoes, gowns, gloves and masks that are clean and germ free. The surgeons wear green scrubs. The only people allowed in the operating rooms are the doctors and nurses as well as the patient too.
When people have operations they are normally put to sleep with anaesthesia. When the patients are asleep, they cannot feel anything.
In recent years, many patients that cannot get the required surgery in their own country, or find the costs too high, travel to another country for medical care. This is called Medical Tourism.

Chemist
A chemist is a scientist who studies chemistry. In England can also mean a pharmacist (person who dispenses medicines that doctors prescribe for people). Chemistry is the study of elements, atoms, molecules, and how they react together. Chemists research and test medicines, explosives, and just about everything else. Chemistry is a very important science because it is how we got almost all of the newer medicines.

Shit
Shit is a slang term for feces. Shit is a swear word (an offensive, rude, or impolite word) to most English speakers.
It can also mean things other than feces, depending on the conversation. It can be used as an angry shout. It can sometimes be an adjective or verb.

Menstruation
Menstruation or "menses" is when a woman has blood come out of her vagina for 2-7 days every month. A slang word for menses is a period or "dot".
Leaking.
Before women begin their menses, there is cloudy white liquid-like fluid that comes out of the vaginal wall and eventually leaks on to their underwear. A girl begins this cycle about a year before the actually menstruating happens. When the liquid turns a deep brownish colour, the leaking becomes ever-so-often. After the leaking stops, which is within a year of it first happening then she begins to menstruate for 3-5 days, and once the experience becomes normal and adjusts to the body function, then she will leak about 2-7 days.
Menstruation.
Most women menstruate for 3-5 days every month. However, anywhere from 2-7 days is normal. The amount of blood lost is normally about 50ml. Women usually use a pad or a tampon to keep the blood from staining their undergarments, clothes and from leaking down their legs.
Menopause.
Menopause is menstruation pausing at the age of around 45-70. Symptoms include irritability, heat, vaginal burning and/or discomfort, vaginal dryness. It is slang called "the change". Most women must take a few months to adjust to the dryness. After they stop their period they can no longer produce babies.
Physical appearance.
The fluid that comes out looks like blood, but it is more than just blood. It also has endometrial tissue. This is the tissue that lines the inside of the uterus (womb).
Menses happens in the first days of the menstrual cycle. This is the changes that happen in a woman's body every month. These changes are started by changes in hormone levels in the blood. These changes also cause a woman to ovulate and make an ovum (also called "egg"). Menstruation usually starts around the age of 11, even as early as 9 years old, and ends when the woman is too old to have children, but some women can still have children from the age of 50-70.
Effect.
Some women have pain in the low part of the abdomen when they menstruate, known as cramps. The hormones that are produced before and during a period can also make a woman feel moody, or just strange. This is called premenstrual syndrome or PMS. A women can feel bloated or swollen and have long cramps. Hormones can rage and cause an aggressive sex drive. Women can throw temper tantrums and can even feel suicidal or depressed. If a woman creates too much blood, it can add additional pain. The same feelings apply to having a baby, although side affects are there, while a woman is pregnant she cannot produce blood due to the baby block the womb walls, so the baby when it comes out is soaked in the liquidy fluid and blood.
Materials.
Most women use something to absorb or catch their menses. There are a number of different methods available. The most common used way to absorb the menses is using sanitary napkins, tampons and padded underwear. Some women uses sea sponges, towels and other reusable absorbing items.
In addition to products to contain the menstrual flow, pharmaceutical companies likewise provide products — commonly non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) — to relieve menstrual cramps. Some herbs, such as dong quai, raspberry leaf and crampbark, are also claimed to relieve menstrual pain, however there is no documented scientific evidence.

Camera
A camera is a tool that takes pictures (photographs). It uses film or electronics to make a picture of something. A lens makes the image that the movie or electronics sees.
A camera that takes one picture at a time is sometimes called a "still camera". A camera that can take many pictures in a row is called a "movie camera". A camera that can take videos is called a "video camera" or a "camcorder".
All cameras are basically a box that light can't get into until a photo is taken. There is a hole on one side of the camera where the light can get in, and this is called the aperture. On the other side is a special material that can record the image that comes through the aperture which is the film in a film camera or electronic sensor in a digital camera. Finally, there is also the shutter, which stops light from getting in until a photo is taken.
When a photo is taken, the shutter moves out of the way. This lets light come in through the aperture and make a picture on the film or electronic sensor. In many cameras, the size of the aperture can be changed to let in more light or less light. The amount of time that the shutter lets light through can be changed as well. This also lets in more light or less light. Most of the time, electronics inside the camera control these, but in some cameras the person taking the picture can change them as well.

Guelders
Guelders is a province in the east of the Netherlands. In Dutch it is called "Gelderland". The capital city is Arnhem, but Nijmegen and Apeldoorn are bigger. Other important cities are Zutphen, Doetinchem, Harderwijk and Tiel.
It is surrounded by the provinces of Limburg, North Brabant, South Holland, Utrecht, Flevoland and Overijssel and the German federal state North Rhine-Westphalia.
The most important rivers are the Rhine ("Rijn"), the Waal, the IJssel and the Maas (border with North Brabant). The border with Flevoland is formed by the so-called "randmeer" of the Flevopolder.
History.
In the 11th century, Guelders was a county. It was called "Gelre" in Dutch and "Geldern" in German. In 1339, it became a duchy. At first, it existed of the surroundings of the city of Geldern (now in Germany). By the end of the 14th century, it included most of the modern province of Gelderland and parts of the province of Limburg and of the German District of Cleves. It became part of the Habsburg Netherlands in 1543, one of the Seventeen Provinces.
Municipalities.
Aalten | Apeldoorn | Arnhem | Barneveld | Berkelland | Beuningen | Bronckhorst | Brummen | Buren | Culemborg | Doesburg | Doetinchem | Druten | Duiven | Ede | Elburg | Epe | Ermelo | Geldermalsen | Groenlo | Groesbeek | Harderwijk | Hattem | Heerde | Heumen | Lingewaal | Lingewaard | Lochem | Maasdriel | Millingen aan de Rijn | Montferland | Neder-Betuwe | Neerijnen | Nijkerk | Nijmegen | Nunspeet | Oldebroek | Oude IJsselstreek | Overbetuwe | Putten | Renkum | Rheden | Rijnwaarden | Rozendaal | Scherpenzeel | Tiel | Ubbergen | Voorst | Wageningen | West Maas en Waal | Westervoort | Wijchen |
Winterswijk | Zaltbommel | Zevenaar | Zutphen

Product_(mathematics)
In mathematics, a product is a number or a quantity obtained by multiplying two or more numbers together. For example: 5 × 4 = 20. Here, the number 20 is called the product of 5 and 4. The product of 6 and 4 will be 24, because 6 × 4 = 24.

Tongue
The tongue is the fleshy organ inside the mouth. A tongue lets us taste because of things on top of it called tastebuds. It is very flexible, so it also helps us eat and talk.

Display_resolution
Resolution is what can qualify a monitor in computer science. It is the number of pixels displayed on a given surface.
For example: a "640 by 480 display", which has 640 pixels from side to side and 480 from top to bottom (as in a VGA display), and therefore has a total number of 640 × 480 = 307,200 pixels or 0.3 megapixels, is what is meant by 640×480 display resolution.

Political_subdivisions_of_Brazil
Brazil is subdivided into 26 states and 1 Federal District (the capital city Brasília).

Lute
The lute is a kind of musical instrument with strings.
The first lutes were brought to Spain by the Moors. Others may have been brought to Europe from Arabic lands.
A lute has an oval-shaped back, made of strips of wood. It has a flat front, with a neck attached to it. Early lutes had four strings or eight sets of two strings. Beneath these strings, there were strings tied to the neck, where the player pressed down to make the notes. These strings were called frets.
The front part of the body is made of a flat piece of wood, and known as the sound board. It has a beautifully carved hole in the center which is called the rose.
The lute was at first played by strumming or plucking with a pick. Later they were played with the fingers alone.
During the Renaissance, bigger lutes were designed. Most lutes at this time had seven or eight sets of strings. New kinds of lutes were invented. One new kind of lute made in the Renaissance was the theorbo. Another kind was the archlute.
In European classical music the lute was changed into the harpsichord and the mandolin.
Today there are kinds of lute still being played in Greece, Turkey, and in Arabic-speaking countries. The Renaissance lute is also played today, in western countries, as well as a German lute that is played the same way as a guitar.

Badfinger
Badfinger was a British rock group. They were first called The Iveys, but renamed themselves after a song title, "Badfinger Boogie", the original title of "With a Little Help From My Friends". The band's members were Peter Ham, Tom Evans, Mike Gibbins and Joe Molland. Badfinger recorded for Apple Records, which was a record label started by The Beatles.
Their first hit was "Come And Get It", which was written by Paul McCartney. It appeared in a movie, "The Magic Christian". The band followed McCartney's demo closely to make the record. The finished record sounded like a Beatles song, and the band were called "protegés" of the Beatles. Later they made records that sounded different, and showed the band's own style. Todd Rundgren was the producer of some of their recordings.
Badfinger's other hit records included "No Matter What", "Day After Day", and "Baby Blue". Later they left Apple Records and recorded for Warner Bros.. Ham and Evans were the band's main songwriters. One of their songs, "Without You", was recorded by the band, but was not a hit. A later cover version by singer Harry Nilsson became an international hit, and was the first of many such versions. Dozens of recording artists have sung "Without You", including Mariah Carey.
The band members found that fame does not always bring happiness. Peter Ham had problems in his life, and suffered from depression. He committed suicide in 1975, when Badfinger went through a slow period. Tom Evans had similar problems, and later also killed himself.
The remaining band members, Gibbins and Molland, decided they still wanted to work together. They found two more musicians to take the place of Ham and Evans, and recorded a new album. The songs sounded like Badfinger's songs, and they got permission from Ham's and Evans's families to keep using the Badfinger name. They had no more hits, but continued to tour and sometimes make new records. One record had cover art by artist Peter Max.

Benchmark
Benchmarks can measure the skills of the computer or the computer user. These are the 50 most basic computer user skills. The computer skills needed to use a computer, view documents, create documents, and to print to a connected printer.
References.
With permission from CAAELII. Source: Simple Language Computer Lessons skills survey at, which references San Diego City Schools Educational Technology Department, which references National Educational Technology Standards at

Lexus
Lexus is a luxury car line produced by the Toyota company. Its worldwide motto is "The Pursuit of Perfection" Its slogan in the United States is "The Passionate Pursuit of Perfection".

Portuguese_language
The Portuguese language is one of the of Romance languages (languages which came from the Latin language). The Portuguese word for Portuguese is "português".
Who speaks Portuguese.
The Portuguese language is the 3rd most spoken western language (just after English and Spanish) with about 200 million native speakers, and a few more millions all over the world because of the people of Portugal, Brasil / Brazil, Cabo Verde / Cape Verde, Angola, Moçambique / Mozambique, etc. who traveled to many different parts of the world.
"Abri a janela muito rápido para jantar" (Portuguese)
"Abrí la ventana muy pronto para cenar" (Spanish)
"I opened the window very fast so I can have dinner" (English)
The places where people speak Portuguese as first language are Angola, Brazil, Cape Verde, East Timor, Guinea Bissau, Macao (Region of China), Mozambique, Portugal, São Tomé and Príncipe and in the cities of Goa, Damão and Diu (India).
Words in Portuguese that are similar to English ones.
Portuguese and English have words that mean the same thing and look similar as well. This is because these words came from the same languages (for example Latin, Greek or French).
Examples.
Some English words came from Portuguese, for example tank (tanque) and cacao (cacau).

Terry_Fox
Terrence Stanley Fox (July 28, 1958 - June 28, 1981) was a Canadian athlete and activist. He lost one of his legs to cancer at the age of 18. He is most famous for his run, called "The Marathon of Hope", which began on April 12, 1980 in St. John's, Newfoundland, the purpose of the run was to run across Canada (with help of an artificial leg) about (the length of the average marathon, or foot race) each day. He originally wanted run until he got to Vancouver Island on the other end of Canada. The goal was to raise 1 million Canadian dollars and later one dollar for every person in Canada to help cancer research,
Many people supported and helped him during his run, and had a lot of faith in him, but on August 31, 1980, near the town of Thunder Bay, Ontario, Terry's cancer resurfaced in his lungs. He had to stop running.
Fox died on, exactly a month before his 23rd birthday. He is considered a hero in Canada. People still hold runs for him. Shortly before his death, he was made a Companion in the Order of Canada (the youngest person in the country to receive such an honor). In addition, there is a statue of him in Ottawa (Canada's capital), near Parliament Hill. Several schools named after him and he has been featured on a Canadian $1 coin.

Toolbox
A toolbox or toolkit is a box where a person stores tools. You can find them where people work with tools, like houses that are being built.
Some computer programs used to make other computer programs are also called toolboxes or toolkits (this is a metaphor).

Simon_Rodia
Sabato "Simon" Rodia (1879-1965) was an Italian immigrant who lived in the United States in the district of Los Angeles, California called Watts. Starting in 1921 and until 1954, he built the Watts towers, from junk and things he found. Many people made fun of him and tried to vandalize (damage) the "towers". He did not like people making fun of him, in 1955 he moved away from Watts and never returned. The "towers" remained, and the site where he built them is now a national landmark.

Dessert
A dessert is a type of food that is eaten after lunch or dinner. It is usually a sweet food, like ice cream, cookies, and cakes. In some countries, cheeses such as Brie cheese and fruit are served as dessert. Some desserts are decorated, like birthday cakes. Others are simple, like pudding. Many desserts are baked (cooked in an oven). Some desserts are served with whipped cream as a topping.
Baked desserts.
Baked desserts are made by putting the ingredients in a hot oven. Baked desserts include cakes and muffins (a mixture of flour, eggs, sugar, oil, baking powder, and flavorings); sweet breads such as banana bread and raisin bread (a mixture of flour, sugar, oil, baking powder, and flavorings); cookies such as chocolate chip cookies (a mixture of flour, eggs, sugar, oil, and flavorings). Puddings and custards (a mixture of milk, eggs, sugar, and flavorings) can be made in the oven, or by stirring them in a pot on the stove.
Fried desserts.
Fried desserts are made using a cooking process called deep-frying. To deep-fry food, a large pot filled with oil is heated, and then the food is placed into the pot. Deep-fried desserts include doughnuts.
Frozen desserts.
Frozen desserts are made by blending the ingredients in a freezer. Frozen desserts include ice cream (a mixture of cream, milk, sugar, and flavorings), milk shakes (a mixture of ice cream, milk, and flavorings), and sherbert (also spelled "sorbet") (a mixture of water, sugar, and flavorings).
Chilled desserts.
Some desserts are made without using the oven or the freezer. Trifle is an English dessert made by soaking ladyfinger biscuits in sherry, covering them with whipped cream, and then letting it chill in the refrigerator. Some types of instant pudding and instant mousse desserts can be made without cooking; a person simply mixes the instant pudding powder with milk and chills it in the refrigerator.

Cellular_respiration
Cellular respiration is what cells do to break up sugars into a food that the cell can use as energy. This happens in all forms of life. Cellular respiration takes in food and uses it to create ATP, a chemical which the cell uses as energy. Some simple organisms can only go through anaerobic cellular respiration, also known as fermentation.
The "formula" for aerobic cellular respiration is
C6H12O6 + O2 → CO2 + H2O + Energy (as ATP)
Glucose + Oxygen → Carbon dioxide + Water + Energy (as ATP)
Aerobic cellular respiration has three stages. Each is important, but could not happen without those preceeding it. Step one is Glycolysis or the break down of glucose. Step two is the Krebs Cycle. The final step is the Electron Transport Chain, or the ETC.

Justin_Timberlake
Justin Randall Timberlake (born January 31, 1981 in Memphis, Tennessee, United States) is an American rhythm and blues singer. Timberlake first became famous when he appeared in the television series "Mickey Mouse Club" and later when he was part of the Grammy Award-winning boy band *NSYNC. He started his own career as a solo musician in 2002 and has recorded two albums, "Justified" and "FutureSex/LoveSounds".
Early life.
Timberlake's ancestors were British and he grew up in the Baptist religion. His parents divorced in 1985 and since then, both have remarried. He grew up in Millington, Tennessee, a small town north of Memphis.
In 1993, Timberlake joined the "Mickey Mouse Club", a television series featuring young teenage performers. This was the first time he had a taste of being a celebrity. Timberlake was featured in the sixth and seventh seasons of the series. During the show, he met future girlfriend Britney Spears, future tourmate Christina Aguilera, and future bandmate JC Chasez. When the show ended in 1995, Timberlake joined with Chasez and others to form an all-male singing group, *NSYNC.
Music career.
Justin Timberlake was one of the singers in the boy band *NSYNC. The group formed in 1995. The group released three albums, all of which were very popular in the United States and Europe. The band also had a few singles that were popular in many parts of the world. The group split up in 2002, and Timberlake started his solo career.
Right after the band split, he recorded his first album, "Justified". His first single from the album was "Like I Love You". He first performed the song at the MTV Video Music Awards in August 2002. He later released the album in November. It sold over seven million copies around the world. Timberlake later went on a tour with Christina Aguilera called the "Justified/Stripped Tour". Other singles released the album were "Cry Me a River", "Rock Your Body" and "Señorita".
In 2004, he performed at the Super Bowl XXXVIII (38) halftime show with Janet Jackson. At the end of the performance, he tore a part of Jackson's costume, revealing one of her breasts. This incident received many complaints from viewers. Many complained because many children watch the halftime show. Timberlake and Jackson said sorry after the event, saying that it was not planned and it was because of a "wardrobe malfunction". The phrase, which describes the accidental showing of a private body part, later became well known and is now often used in popular culture.
Due to the event at the Super Bowl, both Timberlake and Jackson were banned from attending the Grammy Awards in 2004. However, Timberlake won two Grammy Awards for the success of his first album.
Justin Timberlake also recorded songs with other musicians, including "Where is the Love?" and "My Style" with the Black Eyed Peas, and "Signs" with Snoop Dogg.
A second album, "LoveSounds", was recorded in 2005 and released in 2006. Many singles were released and were very popular. They were "SexyBack", "My Love", "What Goes Around...Comes Around", "Summer Love" and "LoveStoned". The first three singles topped the music charts in the United States. In support of his album, he went on a worldwide tour called the "FutureSex/LoveShow". Timberlake was also featured in the song "Give It to Me" with Nelly Furtado and Timbaland, which was very popular worldwide.
He won two more Grammy Awards in 2007, both for his work on his second album.
Personal life.
Timberlake had two early romances when he was a teenager, one with a schoolmate and then with pop singer Veronica Finn, but both ended unhappily. He later entered a relationship with Britney Spears when they met at the "Mickey Mouse Club". This relationship gained high public attention. It ended suddenly in 2002 when Timberlake claimed that Spears cheated on him with choreographer Wade Robson.
Later in 2002, he dated actress-dancer Jenna Dewan and actress-singer Alyssa Milano. In April 2003, he started dating actress Cameron Diaz after they met at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards. There were many rumors afterwards that the two broke up, but he stated on December 16, 2006 on "Saturday Night Live" that they had split up.
In 2007, it was revealed that he had a romantic relationship with actress Jessica Biel.
Film career.
Timberlake also works in the film industry. He is the voice of King Arthur in the recently released movie "Shrek the Third". He is also in the movies "Alpha Dog" and "Black Snake Moan".

Israeli
An Israeli is a person who is a citizen of the country Israel. Most Israelis speak Hebrew as their first language.

The_Gambia
The Gambia is a country in west Africa. Its capital is Banjul.
Geography.
the Geography of Gambia is unusual: it is a long, thin country, completely surrounded by the country of Senegal, and the Gambia river flowing through its centre and into the Atlantic ocean.
Culture.
The population of The Gambia is about 1.4 million. People from The Gambia are called Gambians. A number of people from different cultures and backgrounds live in The Gambia. Some of the largest groups are called "Mandinka", "Fula", and "Wolof".
English is the official language, but people speak other languages as well.
Most Gambians follow the religion of Islam.
The American writer Alex Haley, who wrote the book "Roots", found that his family came from The Gambia in the 1760s.

Bench
A bench is a place where people can sit. Benches are long and often found outside, and more than one person can sit on them.

Software_hoarding
Software hoarding is when a person or a software company tries to stop some people from using or sharing their software.

South_Carolina
South Carolina is a state in the southeast United States. Its capital and largest city is Columbia. The population of the state is about 4.2 million people, ranked 24th in the United States. The state is relatively small in land area, ranked 40th largest.
Other important cities in South Carolina are Charleston, Greenville, Spartanburg, Anderson, Sumter, and Florence.
Major landforms include beaches, "barrier islands", salt marsh, sand hills, rolling piedmont, and the Blue Ridge Mountains. Because of its natural beauty, the state attracts many tourists, especially to Myrtle Beach, Charleston, and Hilton Head Island.
South Carolina became a state in 1788. The economy was agriculture-based, known for cotton, rice, indigo, and tobacco. After the American Civil War, the state lost much of its political and economic power. Towards the end of the 20th century, the state began to strengthen its economy and add population. Today, the major industries are tourism, textiles (clothing materials), and manufacturing. South Carolina has the second highest number of workers employed by international companies per capita in the United States.
South Carolina is bounded to the north by North Carolina, to the south and west by Georgia, located across the Savannah River, and to the east by the Atlantic Ocean.

Mormonism
Mormonism is a religious movement. Their teachings were influenced by the Christian religion, but they cannot easily be labeled as Catholic or Protestant groups - the two main types of Christians. The people that belong to this religion are called Latter-day Saints or Mormons. They consider themselves to be a Christian movement. Some other Christians see this as a problem, because Mormons believe different things in some areas where most other Christian churches agree.
The Mormon Church considers itself a restoration church. Members of the Church believe that it is the original Christian Church started by Jesus Christ and restored by Joseph Smith, Jr. in 1830. In the beginning it was called the Church of Christ.
First vision.
Joseph Smith, Jr. said that he had visits from God the Father, Jesus Christ, and many angels. The first visit is called the First Vision. It happened in the spring of 1820 when Joseph was 14 years old. He had decided to pray about which religion to join. He went to the woods behind his family's house in New York, prayed, felt evil powers fighting him, and was rescued when a bright light appeared above him. In the bright light, he said that he saw God the Father and Jesus Christ. They told him not to join any church, because none of the churches had all of the truth. They also told him that they had work for him to do.
The Book of Mormon.
Part of the work that Joseph did was translating the Book of Mormon. Joseph said that an angel named Moroni visited him and showed him where a very old book was buried. This book was written on pages of gold (sometimes called the Golden Plates). It was buried in a stone box in a hill near Joseph's home. Moroni visited Joseph once a year for four years until he told Joseph to take the Golden Plates. Since the book was written in a very old language, Joseph translated the book into English. He did this with help from God. The book was published as The Book of Mormon in 1830. It tells the story of two main groups of people who lived in North and South America hundreds of years ago (the Nephites and Lamanites). It also teaches many things about Jesus. To members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, The Book of Mormon is a special book from God just like the Bible. Mormons believe that by reading The Book of Mormon and the Bible, people can learn how to get closer to God and how to find happiness in life. This book is also the reason Church members are sometimes called "Mormons".
Mormon beliefs and practices.
Today the center of the Church is in Utah, but there are more than 13 million Mormons living all over the world. The leader of the Church is called the president, and Mormons call him a prophet. They believe that God guides the prophet, just like He guided Joseph Smith and the prophets in the Bible. Mormons believe that it is important for families to spend a lot of time together, and that after they die, they can live together forever. Mormons do not drink alcohol, coffee, tea, or smoke tobacco. They meet once a week on Sunday for church, where they have the sacrament and listen to short talks or sermons. They also have Sunday School to learn more. The Church also has activities during the week. Mormons also have buildings called temples. These are the most holy buildings in their religion. After a temple has been dedicated, only Mormons that are living good lives can go in the temple.
Different groups beliefs.
Some people who call themselves Mormons are not part of the "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints." These people have made other Mormon churches. Some of their beliefs are different.
When Brigham Young became the second president of the Church after Joseph Smith was killed, some people did not think he was the rightful president. When Brigham Young lead most of the Mormons to Utah, these people stayed in Illinois. They believed that Joseph Smith's son should be the next president. Today, this church is called the Community of Christ. It is the second largest church to call themselves Mormons. They have more than 250,000 people in their church.
Other splits in the Church happened later. The official Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints says that a man should only marry one woman. This is called monogamy. In the beginning of the church, this was different. A man could be married to more than one woman at the same time (called polygamy). When the Church changed its position in 1890, some people left the official Church and continued with polygamy. These groups are very small compared to the official Church. The groups that did not want to abandon polygamy are sometimes still called "mormon", even though in the official church, polygamy has been forbidden since 1890.

Ed_Gein
Edward Theodore "Ed" Gein (1906 - July 26, 1984 was an American serial killer. While Gein was found guilty of only two murders, the actual number is not known. Gein is considered by many to be even more well known because of several movies that were based in part on him. He was also known as The Butcher of Plainfield, The Plainfield Butcher, The Mad Butcher and The Plainfield Ghoul'".
Early years.
Ed Gein and his brother Henry were raised by their mother on their 160-acre farm near Plainfield, Wisconsin. She was a very religious woman and was very protective about her boys. She kept them away from women and busy with farm work.
His alcoholic father died in 1940. A few years later his brother Henry died in 1944, while fighting a forest fire. Soon after that, his mother had her first stroke. In 1945 she had her second stroke and died. Ed was left alone.
Gein then closed off the upstairs and the parlour of the house as well as his mother’s bedroom. He lived in the one other bedroom, kitchen and shed of the large house. He stopped working the farm because a government program payed him a subsidy. He also made money by doing small jobs for people in the area.
The Graveyard.
Ed read books on human anatomy and Nazi concentration camp experiments. He was very interested in it all, especially the female anatomy. He thought about sex often. One day he saw a newspaper article of a woman who had been buried that day.
He asked an old friend named Gus to help him. Gus was a very strange too. Gus agreed to help Gein open a grave to get a corpse. Gein told him it was for ‘medical experiments’. The first corpse came from a grave very near the grave of Gein’s mother.
Gein continued to do this for the next ten years. He would check the newspaper often for fresh bodies. He always went to the graveyard at the time of a full moon. Gein would take the whole female corpse or just the parts he wanted, put the dirt back in the grave and take home what he took from the grave.
Gein did many strange things with the dead bodies. He would build objects from the bones and skin. The organs would be put into the refrigerator to eat later. Gein also had sex with the bodies ("necrophilia"). He even dug up his own mothers corpse.
Gein did not tell Gus that he wanted to become a woman himself. This was the reason he had studied anatomy. He thought about the possibilities of an operation which would change his sex. He wanted to study a female corpse and learn more about its anatomy. The closest he would get to changing his sex was dressing up in his full woman bodysuit. This bodysuit was made entirely of human skin. It completely covered his body and included a mask and breasts.
Later, Gus was taken away to an asylum, and Gein was all alone again. Gein thought that fresher bodies would be better for his collection and turned to murder.
The Murders.
Ed Gein’s first victim was Mary Hogan. She was a 51-year-old divorcee. Hogan was the owner of a local taven in Pine Grove, six miles from his home. On the afternoon of December 8, 1954, he shot her in the head with his 32-caliber revolver. He put her body in his pickup truck and took her back to his shed.
A customer who dropped into the tavern found the place deserted, and a large bloodstain on the floor. A spent.32 cartridge lay near it. Bloodstains ran out the back door and into the parking lot, where they halted beside tyre tracks that looked like those of a pickup truck. It looked as if Mary Hogan had been shot and taken away.
Police were not able to learn anything about what happened to her. A few weeks later, a sawmill owner named Elmo Ueeck talked to Gein about it. Gein replied: ‘She isn’t missing. She’s at the farm right now.’ Ueeck did not ask him what he meant by that.
There may have been other victims in the years that followed. Nothing is known for certain about Gein until November 16, 1957 when he shot and killed Bernice Worden in her store in Plainfield. He used a.22 rifle from a rack in the store and his own bullet which he carried with him. Ed Gein shot and killed Bernice Worden. He then locked the store and took the body home in the store’s truck. Gein also took the cash register. He later explained that he did not take it to commit robbery. He wanted to see how it worked and planned to return it later.
Bernice Worden’s son, Frank, often worked with her in the store. That morning he had gone deer hunting. When he got back, he saw that the store was closed with the lights still on and his mother was missing. He also saw that the cash register was gone and there was blood on the floor.
Frank Worden talked to the sheriff, Art Schley and told him what he has seen. He checked the record of sales made that morning. One of them was for half a gallon of antifreeze. Worden remembered that Ed Gein had stopped by the night before at closing time. He had said that he would be back the next morning for antifreeze. Ed had also asked Worden if he was going hunting the next day.
With the cash register missing, he thought that Gein had planned a robbery once he learned Frank would not be there. Worden told this to the sheriff. The sheriff and captain Lloyd Schoephoester went to the farm, seven miles outside Plainfield.
Gein’s home.
The house was dark and Ed Gein was not there when the police got there. They drove to a store where Gein usually bought groceries. Gein was there and was just about to leave in his truck.
The sheriff stopped him, and asked him to get into the police car for questioning. Sheriff Schley had not said anything about Bernice Worden’s death before Gein said that he thought someone had tried to frame him for the death. Schley arrested Gein.
Sheriff Schley and Captain Schoephoester went back to Gein's house with other officers. The doors to the house were locked, but the door to the shed behind the house was not. Inside they found a naked corpse of a woman. It was hanging upside down from a crossbeam. The legs were spread wide apart and there was a long cut from the genitals almost to the throat. The throat and head were missing. The genitals and the anus were also missing. Bernice Worden had been cut open like a deer.
There was no electricity in the dark house. They had to search it with oil lamps, lanterns, and flashlights. The place looked like it had not been clean in years. The few rooms that were not nailed shut were full of books, old papers, magazines, utensils, tin cans, cartons and other junk.
The bodies of 15 different women had been used to create Gein’s trophies. It is also said that sometimes Gein brought gifts of fresh venison to his neighbours but Gein said he had never shot a deer in his life.
Gein was sent to the Central State Hospital for the Criminally insane. He was proven insane. The doctors thought that he loved his mother but he hated her, so that is why he killed older women. It is said that Mary Hogan looked similar to his mother.
Gein said he was not a cannibal or necrophiliac. He did admit to grave robbing.
Many people became interested because of the true nature of the crime. Thousands of people drove to Plainfield to look at the 'murder farm'. Eventually the place was burned down by the Plainfield citizens as they felt it as a place of evil.
At Christmas, 1957, Gein was judged insane. He was committed to Waupan State Hospital for the rest of his life. Gein died of cancer on July 26, 1984, at the age of 78. He was buried in Plainfield next to the graves of his family.
The movies.
Because of the true nature of Gein's crimes, Hollywood had a lot of ideas to work on.
The movie "Psycho" was based on the Robert Bloch book and made into a Hitchcock movie. Bloch got most of the ideas for "Psycho" from Ed Gein's life. With the overpowering mother and horror of the movie, it was one of the first of a kind.
"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" was based in some parts on Ed Gein. The story is about a group of teens who go to a horror house. The people that live in the house are a family of strange homicidal cannibals who also like grave robbing and building furniture made of bones and skulls. The lead bad guy is called ‘Leatherface’. Leatherface likes chasing teens around with his chainsaw and wearing a mask made from the faces of his victims.
The Academy Award winning movie "The Silence of the Lambs" also uses part of Geins life. It is about an FBI agent who is tracking down a serial killer. To find him she must get the help of an intelligent cannibal, Dr. Hannibal Lector. The serial killer she is trying to catch is called ‘Buffalo Bill’. He likes to kill women and make clothes of their skin. He also wants to be a woman and made a skin costume like that of Gein.

Function_(mathematics)
A function in mathematics is a rule that tells a person what to do to an object in order to get a different object.
Functions are usually written as formula_1. The formula_2 is short for "function". formula_1 is said: "function of formula_4" or "f" (eff) of formula_4", for short.
It is sometimes said that formula_1 is the "image" of formula_4, and formula_4 is the "pre-image" of formula_1. Also, it is said that the object formula_4 is "transformed" or "mapped" into formula_1.
Example.
formula_12 is a formula for a function. The person is doing something to formula_4 that will make it a different number. In this example, the person is adding 1 to the unknown number formula_4. If he sets x = 4, the function becomes formula_15. This means that formula_16 when formula_4 equals 4.
Many functions are more complex than this example but the pattern is always the same. For every input, formula_4, the person gets a result, formula_1.
Types of functions.
There are other functions, like trigonometric functions. In mathematical language, a function can be defined as a map from a non-empty set (called a "domain") to a non-empty set (called a "co-domain") such that for every element in the domain there is a corresponding unique element in the co-domain.

Alexander_the_Great
Alexander the Great (July 20 or 26, 356 BC - June 10 323 BC) was a Macedonian king. He was born in the city of Pella and his father was the king Philip II. He was taught most of his skills in Athens during his childhood. He is known for his military skills. He wanted to rule a large empire called Persia. He is often listed as one of the greatest military commanders in history, along with Hannibal Barca, Julius Caesar, Genghis Khan, Subutai, Napoleon I of France, and others.
By the time of his death he had conquered most of the Middle Eastern world known to Europeans, which included ancient Pakistan, Persia, Egypt, and Asia Minor. He died in Babylon in 323 BC of an unknown cause. He was taught by a great teacher and world famous philosopher named Aristotle, and through his teachings he became the world's first great military commander. At the age of 21 he became the king of Macedonia, after his father had been assassinated by a former bodyguard. Nobody knows the cause of Alexander's death. Some people have said his death was caused by poison in wine, murder, or fever.

Centre
Centre (British spelling) or center (U.S. spelling) means the middle of something.
A circle has a centre.

Crazy_Frog
The Crazy Frog is a 3D animated creature, featured on music albums.
History.
Before becoming a ringtone to download onto mobile phones, The Crazy Frog started as a TruboForce 3D animated creature. It was called “The Annoying Thing” in 2003 by its creator, Erik Wernquist of Sweden. With big eyes and a bigger mouth, the high resolution anthropomorphic “thing” is dappled grey-blue and nude save for a helmet, goggles and biker vest. All original videos and images also show small male humanoid genital in a relaxed state that move realistically. Some sources pixel out or remove the genitals.
Music remixes.
Members of Bass Bumpers had a dance remix of Harold Faltermeyer’s “Axel-F” the Beverly Hills Cop theme, adding Daniel Maldemahl’s impression of a moped engine (Ring-a-ding-dong) and a Max Headroom, “What’s going on?” (among other dubbed words). In the music video for that remix the “Thing” says featured bites from Daniel’s bit (Ding, ding.) and zooms around on a mimed bike to escape a robot minion on a hover bike.
The internet and media dubbed it both a Frog and crazy. Erik went along with it.
[First it was simply a vocal imitation of a two stroke, internal combustion engine. Daniel Malmedahl of Sweden created a recording of his imitation in 1997 that eventually spread through peer to peer file sharing on the Internet.]
Sales and revenue.
The company that sells Crazy Frog ringtones (Jamba!) has made £14 million from it.

Reykjavík
Reykjavík is the capital city of the island country of Iceland. It is also the largest city in that country. The population of Reykjavík is over 117,000 people. Björk, an Icelandic singer, is from Reykjavik.
Also, the movie "The Girl in the Cafe" was filmed in Reykjavik.

Fascism
Fascism is a kind of right-wing government. In fascism, the country is considered more important than any one person. A country under this kind of government is usually run by a person called a dictator, who has the right of total control over the government and people. Even though most fascists would agree in theory that the country is the most important thing, fascists in real life act like the things that the dictator wants are more important than anything else in the country or even human life.
Fascism appeared in Europe before World War II because many people were afraid of communism and they thought that democracy was too weak to defend them. Fascism was supposed to be the answer for that need.
Fascist governments are different from communist ones in that fascists do not want to take over land and factories to own them, but rather merely want to control them closely. Instead, they usually work closely with people who already manage these things but use the resources to build up the army or other parts of the fascist state. Also the state takes over (confiscates) any financial profits the land and factories produce. It is very important to fascists that all schools in the country teach children that the dictator is the most important person in the world. All adults are expected to either join the fascist party or support it as the government.
It is always a big crime in fascist countries to speak against the leader or ruling party. Fascist leaders almost always give themselves a high military rank (even if they have not earned it), or appear in public in an army or navy uniform, because fascist countries consider the army the most important part of the government.
The first fascist government was run by Benito Mussolini in Italy from 1922 until 1943. The governments of Engelbert Dollfuss in Austria and Adolf Hitler in Germany are also referred to as fascist, but this is not completely accurate.
Other examples are Imperial Japan under Hideki Tojo, Greece under Joannis Metaxas, Spain under the rule of Francisco Franco, and Portugal when António de Oliveira Salazar was the head of the goverrnment. All of these governments were much like Italian fascism.
Fascism is named after the fasces, which is an old Roman Empire name for a group of sticks tied together. It is easy to break one stick in half. It is very hard to break many sticks tied together in half. Fascists think that everyone following the same leader makes the country strong the same way the sticks are. In real life, fascist governments did not last for a long time, either because people got tired of being oppressed and had a revolution or the fascist party provoked a war with other countries that they then lost. Both things happened at the same time in Italy in 1943.
In countries led by fascist governments, the government tried to control all areas of life, including work, school, and family life. Fascist ideas were most common around the time of World War II. Many people were killed by fascist governments because the government did not like them or because they opposed fascism. Even more were killed in wars started by fascist governments. But the fascist governments of Portugal and Spain did not take part in World War II, and stayed in power until the 1970s.

Empire
An empire is a set of lands or regions that are ruled by an emperor. Usually the emperor will have governors, viceroys or client kings who each rule one land or region. An empire will usually also have many different cultures.
Well-known empires include the Roman Empire, the Russian Empire, the Ottoman Empire, and the British Empire.

Son
A son is the male child of a mother and father. The opposite of a son is a daughter. If the child has siblings then the son is a brother.

Rape
Rape is having sexual intercourse with a person who does not want to, or is unable to give their consent. The person who rapes is called the rapist. The rapist may use force, threats of violence, or drugs. Rape is a form of sexual assault. In most countries, rape (and other sexual assaults) is a crime punished harshly.
Medical emergency information.
According to the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP) in the United States, rape is a medical emergency. When a person is raped, it is important for them to get medical help quickly. Rape can cause dangerous injuries and diseases. There is also more evidence to help find the rapist if the person gets help very quickly. Many people say that people who are raped should see a doctor before they clean themselves, so they can get medical help more quickly and save the evidence. They should also tell the police.
Rape can cause physical injuries like bleeding in the vagina or rectum. There may be bleeding inside the body. Doctors can give a woman emergency contraception so she does not become pregnant because of the rape. Medicines can help prevent sexually transmitted diseases. Many emergency medical technicians, emergency room nurses, and doctors are trained to help people who have been raped. Some hospitals have "rape kits" that are used to save evidence after a rape.
Some people who are raped take medicine to prevent HIV. This medicine can help if the person starts taking it less than two days after the rape. Taking medicine to prevent HIV is not always necessary, because the chance of getting HIV is very small (between 0.1 and 0.3 percent). Taking medicine to stop HIV makes the chance even smaller, but some people who take the medicine still get HIV. Also, the medicines used to stop HIV make some people feel sick. These medicines are good for some people, but not everyone.

Herring
A herring is a type of small fish. Best-known of this family is probably the Atlantic Herring.There are 15 different kinds of herring. When herrings move in the water they usually do this in large numbers; this is then called a schoal (like with other fish. They behave like this for protection.
Herrings can be eaten. Usual ways to make food from herring is to smoke or pickle it.
A red herring is used to describe a plot device in mystery fiction that leads the reader to a wrong solution.

Morocco
Morocco is a country in north Africa. Its official name is the Kingdom of Morocco.
Politics.
Morocco is a constitutional monarchy. The people of Morocco vote for a Member of Parliament to speak for them and to help make laws for them. His Majesty King Muhammad VI is the King of Morocco and is the head of state (Person in charge of the country). Even though he is the head of state, he does not choose what Morocco should do about things like education (teaching people), healthcare (making sick people better) or other choices. The person who chooses for the people in Morocco is the Prime Minister, who is in charge of the government. Today, the Prime Minister is Abbas AlFassi.
Geography.
Morocco is next to the countries of Algeria to its east and Western Sahara to its south. The Mediterranean Sea lies to the north of Morocco, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.
Much of Morocco is in the Sahara Desert and so most people live in areas close to the coast. Morocco has an area of 446,550 km².
The capital of Morocco is Rabat. About 1.2 million people live in Rabat. The biggest city in Morocco is however Casablanca, with nearly 4 million people living there. Both Rabat and Casablanca are ports.
People and culture.
The population of Morocco is 34,343,219. People from Morocco are called Moroccans. Most Moroccans are either Arabs or Berbers.
The official language of Morocco is Arabic, but many people also speak Berber. French is also spoken, because Morocco used to be a "protectorate" (a type of colony) of France. Since Morocco is not far from Spain, some people speak Spanish as well.
Most Moroccans follow Islam as their religion.
Economy.
Mining is the largest part of Morocco's economy. The next largest part comes from Moroccans working abroad and sending money home to family and friends. Tourism is also important and many people come to see the historical places of Morocco.
The currency of Morocco is called the "dirham (MAD)".

Polar_bear
The polar bear ("Ursus maritimus") is a large bear that lives in the Arctic. It is also called white bear or northern bear. They are slowly becoming extinct due to global warming, because there is less ice. So when the Polar Bears swim, they are unable to rest, and drown.
Appearance.
Polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs, which appear white to tan but are actually translucent. The fur keeps them warm. They are strong and can swim very well. Polar bears are similar in size to a normal bear but have a slimmer neck, longer legs and fur.
Life.
They are mostly carnivorous. They eat mostly seals and fish. When Polar bears hunt, they often wait at holes in the ice, where the seals come up to breathe.
Polar bears live alone. Young Polar bears stay with their mothers for 1.5–2.5 years, and they become mature when they are 5–6 years old. People think Polar bears can become 25–30 years old in nature, but in captivity (for example in zoos) they can become up to 45 years old.
Mating.
Polar bears mate in April or May. The cub is born in December, when the mother is hibernating. The cub stays in the den with the mother until March, then they all come out. They have to eat immediately after hibernating. Sometimes, because of global warming this is impossible and the cubs die before they have had a chance to live. The cub leaves its mother in 2–3 years.

Half-Life_(video_game)
"Half-Life" is a science fiction first-person shooter computer game developed by Valve Software and published by Sierra Entertainment in 1998, based on a very changed "Quake" game engine. It was first published for PCs running Microsoft Windows, and was later ported to Sony's PlayStation 2 video game console.
"Half-Life", often shortened to "HL", has been thought to be very great by computer game critics for its gripping in-depth storyline, which would influence the development of other first-person shooters in the years to come.
"Half-Life" was followed by a sequel, Half-Life 2 in 2004.
Half-Life 2 was then followed by two other games, and.
is currently in production. All Half life 2 Episodes (1,2 and 3) may be added together to create a third addition to the Half-Life series.
The hunt for the G-Man.
Barney and his smugness and stupidity.

Marlow,_Buckinghamshire
Marlow is a town on the banks of the River Thames, on the southern tip of Buckinghamshire, England.

William_Howard_Taft
William Howard Taft (September 15, 1857 – March 8, 1930) was the 27th President of the United States from March 4, 1909 to March 3, 1913. He is well-known for being the heaviest President in U.S. history, weighing over 350 pounds.
Taft served as Solicitor General of the United States, a federal judge, Governor-General of the Philippines, and Secretary of War before being nominated for President in the 1908 by the man who preceded him, Theodore Roosevelt. As a Republican President, Taft was most notable for trust-busting, in which he broke up large businesses that had too much control over the economy. Taft also expanded civil service, fixed up the United States Postal Service and promoted world peace.
In 1912, Theodore Roosevelt came back into politics and ran for President against William Howard Taft. Many Republicans split their votes between Taft and Roosevelt, and the Democratic opponent Woodrow Wilson won the election.
In 1921, Taft became the 10th Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court. He retired from the job on February 3, 1930 due to bad health. Taft died on March 8, 1930 due to heart failure. Three days later, he became the first president to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

Account
An account is a record of something that has happened.

Dead_Sea
The Dead Sea is a lake lying between the countries of Israel and Jordan. At 418 m (1,371 ft) below sea level, it is the lowest point on the surface of the Earth. It is almost nine times as salty as the ocean
The Dead Sea is very salty, which makes it impossible for most life to exist in it. This is the reason for its name. However, it is not completely dead, as some types of bacteria are able to live in the water.
Because the water is so salty, it weighs more than fresh water, and a person is able to easily float in the Dead Sea without any effort. Tourists come from around the world to float in the water.

13th_century
The 13th century is the century from 1201 to 1300.
Decades and years.
Note: years before or after the 13th century are in "italics".

Persian_language
Persian is the official language of Iran (Persia), Afghanistan and Tajikistan. It is also spoken by some people in Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Southern Russia, and in other neighbouring countries. Persian was also taught as a second language in schools in Pakistan until 2006. In the past, all of these countries were parts of the Persian Empire.
The Persian alphabet is very similar to the Arabic one, but the language is in a different family than Arabic, so their vocabulary and grammar are very different.
It has taken on many French words. Persian has many dialects. The Persian language is locally called Farsi, Parsi and Dari.

5th_century
The 5th century is the century from 401 to 500.
Decades and years.
Note: years before or after the 5th century are in "italics".

Ribosome
Ribosome is a part of a cell that creates protein. A ribosome is a protein that starts its formation in the nucleolus of a cell. The nucleolus is found in the center of the nucleus. The nucleus is protected by the nuclear envelope,and lets things out through the nuclear pores. The ribosome is made of RNA and proteins. The job of the ribosome is to make new proteins. They are usually found in the rough endoplasmic reticulum, but can also be found through out the cytoplasm.
The ribosome is the most important cell organelle that is present in all cells from prokaryotes to eukaryotes.

Aretha_Franklin
Aretha Franklin (born March 25, 1942) is an American soul and R&B singer. She is called the "Queen of Soul". She is best known for her songs "Respect", "Think", "Chain of Fools", and "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman".

Grape
Grapes are the fruit of a woody grape vine. Grapes can be eaten raw, or used for making wine, juice, and jelly/jam. Grapes in different colours; red, purple, white, and green are some examples. Today, grapes can be seedless, by using machines to pit the fruit. Wild grapevines are often considered a nuisance weed, as they cover other plants with their usually rather aggressive growth.
Raisins are the dried fruit of the grapevine, and the name actually comes from the French word for "grape."
Since the early 21st century in the United States and other countries, and the global functional food industry, there has been a fast-growing recognition of red grapes for their popularity, nutrient content and antioxidant qualities. This has given them commercial status as a "superfruit".
The leaves of the grapevine itself are considered edible (eatable). They are used to make dolmades.
Grapevines are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species.
Distribution.
According to the "Food and Agriculture Organization" (FAO), 75,866 square kilometres of the world is used to grow grapes. About 71% of grapes are used for wine. 27% are used as fresh fruit, and 2% are used as dried fruit. A part of grape production goes to making grape juice to be used as a sweetener for fruits canned "with no added sugar" and "100% natural". The area dedicated to vineyards is increasing by about 2% per year.
The following list of top wine-producers shows the areas used to grow grapes for wine making
Comparing diets among western countries, researchers have found that although the French usually eat more animal fat than other countries, the number of cases of heart disease remains low in France. Many scientists think this is because the French drink more red wine than other countries. Something in the grape helps lower the amount of cholesterol in the body. This helps prevent clogging of the arteries. Doctors do not recommend drinking a lot of red wine, but three or four glasses a week is good and encouraged.
Grapes of all colors offer benefits. Red wine offers health benefits that are not found in white wine. This is because many of the good nutrients are found in the skins of the grapes, and only red wine is fermented with the skins.
White grapes.
White grapes are derived from the red grape by evolution. Changes in two genes turn off creation of anthocyanin. Anthocyanin is what makes red grapes the color red..
Raisins, currants, and sultanas.
A "raisin" is any dried grape. A "currant" is a dried Zante grape. The name is a corruption of the French "raisin de Corinthe" (Corinth grape). A "sultana" was originally a raisin made from a specific type of grape of Turkish origin. The word is now used for raisins made from common North American grapes and chemically treated to resemble the traditional sultana.
Note that, while "raisin" is a French loanword, the word in French means the fresh fruit. "Grappe" (Where the English word "grape" comes from) means the bunch (as in "une grappe de raisin").
Note also that "currant" has also come to mean to the blackcurrant and redcurrant. These two berries completely unrelated to grapes.

Malmo
Malmo (Swedish: Malmö, Danish: Malmø) is the third largest city in Sweden. About 265,000 people live there. It is in the south west part of the Sweden, by the sea. The Öresund bridge goes from Malmö to Copenhagen. In the 15th century, Malmö was one of Denmark's largest cities.
Malmö has the biggest Middle Eastern community in Sweden. It is warm in the summer. In winter it is not quite as cold as in other parts of the country.
Twin Cities.
Newcastle upon Tyne (UK)

Guam
Guam is an island in Micronesia in the Pacific Ocean that is part of the United States. It is a territory and not one of the 50 U.S. States. The people that first lived there are called "Chamorros". The capital of Guam is the city of Hagåtña.The largest city is Dededo. Guam has important United States Air Force and Navy bases, which use a lot of Guam's land. Guam also has a lot of tourists.
History.
Guam was one of the first islands in the Pacific Ocean to be visited by Europeans. In 1521, the first European to visit Guam was Ferdinand Magellan, on his voyage around the World. Spain took over Guam in 1668, and it was an important place for Spanish delivery boats every year going between Mexico and the Philippines, known as the Manila Galleon. During this time the people on Guam learned a great deal about the Spaniards.
In 1898, the United States had a war with Spain and took Guam under the Treaty of Paris, which also brought the giving of Cuba, the Philippines and Puerto Rico from Spain. Guam continued to be important due to its strategic location, both for shipping and air travel in the Pacific. During World War II, Japan captured Guam in 1941, but the U.S. fought to get it back in 1944. This meant that the Chamorro people on Guam were on a different side of the war than the Chamorro people on the nearby Northern Mariana Islands. Even though the Northern Mariana Islands were also taken over by America, they still feel different from the Chamorro people on Guam.
In 1950, the US Congress passed a law making the people of Guam American citizens.
Law and government.
Most people on Guam are happy to be Americans. The American military bases make some jobs for a lot of Guam people. Being part of America also helps bring visitors from Japan who spend money.
But some people on Guam do not like Guam continuing its status as a U.S. territory. They want to be a more important part of America. Some of these people want Guam to be a "commonwealth", like Puerto Rico. A few others want Guam to be a U.S. State, or for Guam to be its own country. But the United States does not think this would be a good idea. Guam needs a lot of money from the U.S. government, which it would lose if it changed into a commonwealth, a state, or its own country. Also, changing Guam might mean the U.S. would have to give up some of the important military bases.
Some people still want Guam to be able to make more of its own decisions. But they think the United States is not listening to them.they lived in the east.
Money.
Guam gets most of its money from the United States government. Much of that money is spent on the military bases, but there are also federal grants given to the Guam government for various programs. Because it is only a territory, federal income taxes paid by Guam residents are given to the Guam government for its operations.
Guam also gets a lot of money from visitors on vacation. Almost all of these visitors are from Japan. Japanese tourists like Guam because it is closer to Japan than other American places. Guam has lots of hotels and other fun places for people to visit. Tumon Bay is Guam's biggest beach. It has lots of pretty white sand, and the water has lots of fish. Tumon is becoming a busy city.
Today, Guam has less visitors than it did a few years ago, because Asia has had some trouble. This means there are fewerjobs on Guam, and it has lost money.
Land and water.
Guam is 212 square miles (549 square kilometers) large. In the north part, it has a flat area of coral and limestone rock. The south part has mountains. Around the island is a coral reef.
Guam is next to the Marianas Trench, which is the deepest part of the Earth and underwater. It sometimes has earthquakes, some of which have been very strong.
Weather.
Guam is a tropical island. It is usually quite warm and wet and the temperature does not change very much. From February to July it is dry, but the rest of the year it is rainy. Sometimes Guam has very strong and dangerous storms in October and November.

Erosion
Soil erosion (or simply erosion) is the washing or blowing away (by the wind) of the top layer of soil (dirt).
This is a serious problem for people who want to grow crops.
Crops are the foods that farmers grow.
If the soil has eroded, the crops will not grow very well.
Erosion also leaves large holes in the earth, which can weaken buildings and even cause them to collapse. Another type of erosion is called Decomposition and is when waves wash away sand and other material from cliffs or beaches.
Prevention.
Soil erosion can be prevented several ways.

Snake
Snakes are reptiles. They do not have legs. Snakes are known to eat small animals, for example mice and birds. Some snakes are venomous - their bite can be toxic (the toxin goes through their teeth), or they can spit venom. Some snakes like the Rubber boa or the Sand boa are small but some types like the Green Anaconda or Reticulated Python can be very large. Some snakes, like the King Cobra, are venomous, but some are not. They move by pushing and pulling themselves with the muscles on the bottom of their bodies. They swallow their food whole, sometimes by dislocating their jaws. Once the snake's prey is in its body, its internal muscles crush it so the animal can be digested. They are cold-blooded carnivores and some eat large prey. They feed on rodents and mice. They capture prey in many ways. Some snakes are big enough to kill a full grown person, but this is rare.

Lucifer
Lucifer is another name for "Satan". This is because people interpret a passage in the Book of Isaiah of the Bible in a certain way. Lucifer is Latin. It is made of two parts, "lux" (light) and "ferre" (to bring).
There are two mentions of "Lucifer" in the Latin Vulgate. It is used to refer to the morning star (the planet Venus that appears at dawn): once in to translate the Greek word "Φωσφόρος" (Phosphoros), which has exactly the same literal meaning of "Light-Bringer" that "Lucifer" has in Latin; and once in to translate "הילל" (Hêlēl), which also means "Morning Star".
Latin name for the Morning Star.
"Lucifer" is the Latin name for the "Morning Star", both in prose and poetry, as seen in works by Marcus Terentius Varro (116–27 BC), Cicero (106-43 BC) and other early Latin writers
Lucifer as evil character of the Bible.
Lucifer is very evil in the Christian religion. He is also the symbol for not obeying. Lucifer is believed by some to be Satan's name when he was still an angel, but it is Latin for 'light bringer' and not originally in the Bible.
The word "Lucifer" was also used in Latin to mean the "morningstar", the planet Venus, and this word was used in the Latin version of Isaiah 14, where the Hebrew version was speaking to a king of Babylonia.
The reason people came to think this was a name of Satan has been argued about for many years. Some people think that it is a misnomer, or a wrongly given name. Others believe that he was the best out of all the angels before he rebelled against God.

Gordon_Lightfoot
Gordon Meredith Lightfoot (born November 17, 1938) is a Canadian singer and songwriter. He first became well-known in Canada in the late 1960s; some of his songs were even sung by Elvis Presley and Johnny Cash. Some of his most famous are "Sundown", "If You Read My Mind", and "The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald".

Ron_Weasley
Ronald Bilius "Ron" Weasley is a character from the "Harry Potter" stories. He is a red haired child, who comes from a poor backround. He comes from a big family, with five brothers and one sister. He is Harry Potter's best friend, and is often funny. It is revealed in later books, that Ron is romantically interested in Hermione Granger. The two are hinted to be romantically involved in the Deathly Hallows.

Huckleberry
Huckleberry is a name used in North America for several plants in two closely related genera in the family "Ericaceae": "Gaylussacia" and "Vaccinium". The Huckleberry is the state fruit of Idaho.
Some "Vaccinium" species, such as the Red Huckleberry, are always called huckleberries. Other species may be called blueberries or huckleberries in different locations.
There is much confusion in naming of berries in American English. The 'garden huckleberry' ("Solanum melanocerasum") is not a true huckleberry but a member of the nightshade family.
The fruit of most species of huckleberry can be eaten. The berries are small and round. They are usually less than 5 mm in diameter and contain 10 seeds. Berries range in color from bright red, through dark purple, and into the blues. In taste the berries range from tart to sweet. They have a flavor similar to that of a blueberry. Huckleberries are well liked by many mammals such as bears and humans.

1596
1596 was a year in the 16th century. It was a leap year.

English_Channel
The English Channel is a body of water that separates the island of Great Britain from the rest of Europe. People who live in the UK and want to visit Europe, or people from Europe who want to visit the UK, can take a ferry across or ride a train under the channel in a special tunnel called the Channel Tunnel (nicknamed the "Chunnel"). It is 563 km long, 246 km wide, and its narrowest part (34 km) is the Strait of Dover. Many people swam across the English Channel. Gertrude Ederle was the first woman to swim across the Channel.

Benjamin_Harrison
Benjamin Harrison (August 20, 1833–March 13, 1901) was the 23rd President of the United States (1889-1893).
He was the Grandson of William Henry Harrison. His home was Indianapolis, Indiana. He was a member of the Republican party. He was elected to the White House in 1888, beating Grover Cleveland, the 22nd President of the United States. After Benjamin Harrison served one full four-year term as President, Cleveland ran again and, this time, beat Harrison.
Benjamin Harrison's first wife was Carrie Harrison. After Carrie Harrison died, his second wife was Mary Dimmick Harrison.
Besides being President, Benjamin Harrison was a successful lawyer. He argued many cases before the United States Supreme Court.

35
35 is a year in the 1st century.

War_on_Terrorism
The War on Terrorism or War on Terror is a campaign that the United States and some of its allies started to remove terrorist groups and to end states that sponsor terrorism. US-President Bush's argument was that the countries of North Korea, Cuba, Iran, and Iraq were a direct threat to America and its bigger allies.

Fish_and_chips
Fish and chips is a fried meal that many British people eat. Fish and chips usually has chips and a deep fried fish, cod or haddock, fillet
You can find fish and chips in fish & chips shops and restaurants in almost every town in England and Wales, and there are very many of them in British cities. Some nutritionists criticize fish and chips, because the meal contains a large amount of fat. Chips are fried potatoes and taste creamy on the inside and deliciously crisp on the outside, as they have been deep fried. They taste nice dipped into mayo or ketchup and served with a glass of blackcurrent squash.
Steak pie is thick pastry filled with chunks of steak in a thick gravy. It can be served with chips and blackcurrent squash.

Baltimore,_Maryland
Baltimore is the biggest city in the U.S. state of Maryland. In 2006 it had about 631,366 people living there. It is not in any county, so it is called an independent city. It is next to the Chesapeake Bay and used to be an important port for trade by ships. There is still some shipping but the Inner Harbor is now mostly famous for shopping and restaurants, and also for the Baltimore Aquarium, which is one of the best in the United States. Other museums in Baltimore are the Walters Art Museum, the Baltimore Museum of Art, and the American Visionary Art Museum.
Baltimore is home to the Ravens (football) and Orioles (baseball), both professional sports teams. Its main newspaper is the Baltimore Sun. There is a place for horse races in the city called Pimlico. There are many colleges and universitys in Baltimore, like Johns Hopkins University, Goucher College, Loyola College, Maryland Institute College of Art, and Morgan State University.
The city was made in 1729 and is named after the British Lord Baltimore who started the colony of Maryland. The mayor of this city is Sheila Dixon. She is the first woman to be the mayor of Baltimore. Many governors of Maryland were mayor of Baltimore first. One famous thing that happened in Baltimore was in the War of 1812, when the British attacked the city and Francis Scott Key wrote a song about it called "The Star-Spangled Banner". It is now the national song of the United States.
Some famous people from Baltimore are the Supreme Court judge Thurgood Marshall, the poet and writer Edgar Allen Poe, the baseball player Babe Ruth, the singer Billie Holliday, and the movie director John Waters. Some famous neighborhoods are Fells Point, Canton, Little Italy, Federal Hill, Mount Vernon, Bolton Hill, Hampden, and Charles Village.
In 2008 the four most important people in the city government are African American women: the mayor Sheila Dixon, the city council president Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, the comptroller (treasurer) Joan Pratt, and the state attorney (lawyer) for Baltimore Patricia Coats Jessamy.

Saint_Petersburg
Saint Petersburg (Sankt-Peterburg/Санкт-Петербург) is a Russian city in northwestern Russia on the Gulf of Finland of the Baltic Sea. 4.7 million people (2002) live in St. Petersburg today, and it is the second biggest city in Russia. It connects with the rest of the world's shipping paths through the Baltic Sea.
Saint Petersburg was started by the Russian Tsar, Peter I as the capital of the Russian Empire in 1703, to take the place of the earlier capital, Moscow. It was the capital of Russia until 1918.
Saint Petersburg has changed its name many times. During World War I, when Russia and Germany were fighting each other, Russians thought the name Sankt Peterburg sounded too German, so Tsar Nicholas II, on August 31 (August 18, Old Style), 1914 decided that the city was renamed Petrograd. At the time of the Russian revolution, the Soviet capital was moved to Moscow, still the capital of Russia now.
After the Soviet capital was moved to Moscow, on January 26, 1924, three days after Lenin's death, Petrograd was renamed Leningrad in his honor. During World War II, the city was surrounded by the German army for twenty-nine months.
Leningrad again took its old name of St. Petersburg on September 6, 1991, when Russia stopped being communist. In every-day Russian, the city is often called just "Piter". The name of the "Oblast" (administrative province) where the city is the capital is still called "Leningrad Oblast".
Saint Petersburg was a beautiful city planned by Peter I. There are many man-made rivers (or canals) in the city, so the city is sometimes called the "Venice of the North". There are also beautiful buildings built by Russian emperors in other places of the city. Some of these buildings are the Hermitage Museum and the Winter Palace.

Quebec_City,_Quebec
Quebec City is the capital of the Canadian province of Quebec. It is the second largest city in Quebec, behind Montreal. It is known for its winter fair, beautiful churches, and an old hotel called Chateau Frontenac. It is next to the Saint Lawrence River. There are almost 700,000 people in the whole area.
The city was created in 1608 at a First Nations (native) Canadian place called Stadacona. People came from France to live there. The English captured the city in 1759 during the Battle of the Plains of Abraham. The walls made to keep the city safe are still there.

Newfoundland
Newfoundland is an island off the East Coast of Canada, and is part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The capital city of Newfoundland is St. John's, on the north-east part of the island. Over 500,000 people live in Newfoundland (these people are called Newfoundlanders).
In Newfoundland, most people speak English, but there are also French speakers on the island, mostly in the south-west. In some areas of Newfoundland, people speak with an accent and use words that are not in standard English. There is even a dictionary of Newfoundland English.
People first came to Newfoundland from countries like Norway, England, Portugal, France, and Ireland in the 16th century. The first explorers were the Vikings from Norway and they settled in L'ans aux Meadows. They came because of the good fishing off the coast, especially off the south-east coast. Today, there is still fishing, but not very much because people fished too much, and now there are not many fish left.
Cutting down trees and mining have also been attractions of the island. There are some paper mills (paper factories) in a few cities in Newfoundland.

Franklin_Pierce
Franklin Pierce (November 23, 1804 - October 8, 1896) was the 14th President of the United States. A Democrat, he took office in 1853 and served one four-year term. He believed that each state should choose whether the state should allow slavery; his presidency was marked with violence sparked by the Kansas Nebraska Act. In addition, a political scandal damaged his credibility when the Ostend Manifesto was publicized.
Pierce was a dark horse candidate in the 1852 presidential election. Before running for president, he came from New Hampshire and had served in the House of Representatives.
Pierce is widely regarded as one of the worst U.S. presidents ever because of his inability to lower tensions before the American Civil War.

RNA
RNA is an acronym for ribonucleic acid, a nucleic acid. RNA is transcribed from DNA by an enzyme called RNA polymerase and further processed by other enzymes.
RNA translates genes into proteins, transferring amino acids from the nucleus to the ribosome to form proteins, and also translating the transcript into proteins. This process is called translation.
The first three bases are also found in DNA, but Uracil replaces Thymine as a complement to Adenine.
RNA also contains ribose as opposed to deoxyribose found in DNA.
RNA is the carrier of genetic material in different types of viruses such as AIDS virus i.e. HIV (HUMAN IMMUNO DEFICIENCY VIRUS) and in that case called a retrovirus.
mRNA.
mRNA, or "Messenger" RNA is the complement strand of DNA. A single strand of DNA is a blueprint for mRNA which is transcribed from that DNA strand. DNA cannot leave the nucleus because of it's size, but mRNA can. Once transcribed, the mRNA leaves the nucleus and is attached to tRNA which attached to the Ribosomes.
tRNA.
tRNA, or "Transfer" RNA is the complement (opposite) strand to mRNA and attaches to Ribosomes to be translated into a polypeptide (protein) chain. Each tRNA codon, group of three nitrogenous bases, codes for a specific amino acid which all bind together to form a protein. For example, codons UUU or UUC code for the amino acid Phenylalanine.

Search_service
A search service helps a computer user find information by looking through web pages for the text the user wants to find; the software that does this is known as a search engine. Google, Yahoo!, MSN Search, and Ask Jeeves are popular search services. Some older services include Webcrawler, Lycos, and Alta Vista.
A search service may also include a portal with news, games, and more information besides a search engine. Yahoo! has a popular portal, and MSN Search is part of the MSN portal, while Google has a simple design on its front page.
Search services usually work without charging money for finding sites, and are often supported with text or banner advertisements.

Stanley_Cup
The Stanley Cup is a trophy given to the champions of the National Hockey League (NHL) every year.
It was bought by Lord Stanley, the Governor General of Canada, in 1892, for $50. The first team to win it was the Montreal A.A.A. in 1893. Other teams could challenge for it. By 1915, it was awarded on a yearly basis.
The names of players and others such as coaches are put on the cup every year. As a result, the NHL had to make the cup bigger, by adding layers to the bottom. When the first cup was full of names, they made a copy of it, which is now what is awarded.
Today, there are 30 teams in the NHL. They play 82 games per year, and then 16 teams make the playoffs. These teams play best-of-seven series until there is only one champion.
The Montreal Canadiens have won the Stanley Cup 24 times, the most of any team. They also won the most in a row: five between 1955-56 and 1959-60.
Henri Richard of the Montreal Canadiens appears the most on the Stanley Cup, 11 times.
The Stanley Cup was not awarded in 2005: there was no NHL season because of a labour disagreement. It was not awarded in 1919, either, because of the influenza epidemic.

Nancy_Sinatra
Nancy Sinatra is an American singer. She was born June 8, 1940, in Jersey City, New Jersey. She is the daughter of Frank Sinatra. She is best known for the song "These Boots Were Made For Walking".

Bat
Bats are mammals in the order Chiroptera'". Bats are the only mammals that can fly. (Other mammals like flying squirrels, or flying possums look like they can fly, but they can only glide in the air for short distances.) Bats are the second largest order of mammals.
Appearance and Life.
Bats fly with their wings that are made of skin stretched between the bones of the bat's arms and fingers.
Most bats are described as “nocturnal”, that is, they are active during the night, the dusk, or the dawn. Some of them use echolocation. This means instead of using their small eyes, they have special body parts they can use to find their way around by bouncing sound waves off of objects, like a radar.
Megabats eat fruit, nectar or pollen. Most microbats (7 out of 10) are “insectivorous”, that is, they eat insects, but some microbats eat small vertebrate animals (small mammals or fish), blood, or even other bats.
There are over 1,100 different kinds of bats. All these different kinds of bats are thought to make up as much as 20% of all mammal species.
Bats mostly live in caves or trees. In North America and in Europe they sometimes live in peoples houses without them knowing.
Unusual bats.
Fruit bats ("Pteropodidae") are the largest of the bats. They eat fruit and can see well. There are 166 species, all found in the Old World.
Vampire bats live in Latin America. They are famous for only drinking blood.
The Fisherman bat Lives in Latin America and the Caribbean. It swoops low over water and grabs small fish with its claws.
The Hog-nosed bat, from Thailand, is the world's smallest bat, and is also one of the world's smallest mammals. It only weighs 2 grams.
Bats and people.
In the United Kingdom all bats are protected by law, and even disturbing a bat or its roost can be punished with a heavy fine.
Austin, Texas is the summer home to North America's largest urban bat colony (under the Congress Avenue bridge), an estimated 1,500,000 Mexican free-tailed bats, who eat an estimated 10 to 30 tons of insects each night, and attract 100,000 tourists each year.
In Sarawak, Malaysia bats are protected species, but the large naked bat and greater nectar bat are eaten by the local communities.
Bats in folklore and fiction.
In the West, Bats are associated with vampires, who are said to be able to change into bats. Bats are also a symbol of ghosts, death and disease. However bats are said to be lucky in some European countries, such as Poland.
The bat is used in fiction by both villains like dracula and heroes like Batman. Kenneth Oppel, wrote a series of novels, beginning with "Silverwing", which feature bats as good characters.
An old wives' tale says that bats will entangle themselves in people's hair. This is untrue as bats can detect even a single hair, and fly around it.
Among some Native Americans, such as the Creek, Cherokee and Apache, the bat is a trickster spirit. The Kwakiutl, however, see it as a symbol of happiness.
Chinese lore claims that the bat is a symbol of longevity and happiness, and is similarly lucky among the Arabs.
The bat is sacred in Tonga and West Africa and is often considered to be a person's soul.
In Java, the Ahool is a mythical giant bat, said to be a warning of death.

Upton_Sinclair
Upton Beall Sinclair (1878-1968) was a writer of many works from the United States. His most famous book, "The Jungle" from 1906, was about the American meat-packing industry.
Upton Sinclair had political opinions and was a socialist. Most of Sinclair's books, including "The Jungle", dealt with social injustice.
He wrote many other books. His book "The Flivver King" was about the Ford Motor Company. "The Flivver King" was written at the time when workers at Ford factories were trying to start a labor union. He wrote a series (many books in a row) with Lanny Budd as the main character. There were eleven (11) Lanny Budd books. The Lanny Budd books were about current events in the World at the time.
He later joined the Democratic Party and ran for governor of the state of California in 1934. He wanted California to start new businesses which would be run by the state government. This was to help people who were unemployed (did not have jobs) because of the Great Depression. He lost the election.
He retired in the town of Buckeye, Arizona.

1818
1818 is a common year in the Gregorian calendar.

Hard_and_soft_drugs
In the Netherlands, there is a situation where the use of Soft drugs is tolerated.

Kangaroo
A kangaroo is an animal. It is a kind of mammal. It belongs to the genus macropus. It is common in Australia and can also be found on nearby islands. Kangaroos hop to move around. They cannot walk backwards but they can hop or jump as far as about three times their own height.
Kangaroos are marsupials because they carry their young in special pouch on their bodies. Baby kangaroos are called joeys.
Because it is mostly found in Australia, Australians see it as a national symbol.

The_Pentagon
The Pentagon is a large building in Arlington, Virginia (near Washington, D.C.), that is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense. It has five sides and it is white.
They began building it on September 11 1941. Exactly sixty years later, on September 11 2001, it was hit with an airplane by terrorists. One hundred eighty-four people in the building were killed.

1310s
Centuries: 13th century - 14th century - 15th century
Decades: 1260s 1270s 1280s 1290s 1300s - 1310s - 1320s 1330s 1340s 1350s 1360s
Years: 1310 1311 1312 1313 1315 1316 1317 1318 1319 1320

Holy_Spirit
The Holy Spirit is a part of what is known as the Holy Trinity in the Christian belief. The Trinity includes God the Father, God the Son (Jesus) and God the Holy Spirit. When Jesus came to Earth, he said that it was better for him to leave so that he could leave with us the Holy Spirit as a teacher. It is often believed that the Holy Spirit is the still small voice inside that help us determine right from wrong. It is said that Jesus was conceived of the Holy Spirit so it would make sense then that he would be what Jesus left on Earth after his death.
In the Assembles of God Sect of Christianity, it is believed that speaking in tongues is a gift of the Holy Spirit and is the first initial evidence of the action; this is not an adopted belief in all of Christianity.

Nest
A nest is place animals build to hold their eggs and/or provide a place to raise their babies. Many times they are made of things like twigs, grass, mud, and leaves; or they may simply be a low place in the ground, or a hole in a tree, rock, or building.
Most people know that birds build nests. Some mammals, some fish, and some reptiles also build nests (to raise their babies).

New_Year's_Day
New Year's Day is a holiday in many countries, created to welcome the New Year. In the United States, New Year's Day is January 1.
The New Year is an event that happens when a culture celebrates the end of one year and the beginning of the next. Cultures that measure yearly calendars all have New Year celebrations.
Roman calendars.
The ancient Roman calendar had only ten months and started the year on 1 March, which is still reflected in the names of some months which derive from Latin: September (seventh), October (eighth), November (ninth), December (tenth).
Addition of two new months.
Around 713 BC the months of January and February were added to the year, traditionally by the second king, Numa Pompilius, along with the leap month Intercalaris. The year used in dates was the consular year, which began on the day when consuls first entered office — fixed by law at 15 March in 222 BC, but this event was moved to 1 January in 153 BC. In 45 BC, Julius Caesar introduced the Julian calendar, dropping Intercalaris; however, 1 January continued to be the first day of the new year.
Early Christmas.
In Christmas Style dating the new year started on 25 December. This was used in Germany and England until the thirteenth century, and in Spain from the fourteenth to the sixteenth century.
In Annunciation Style dating the new year started on 25 March, the feast of the Annunciation. This was used in many parts of Europe in the Middle Ages, and was the style introduced by Dionysius Exiguus in AD 525. Annunciation Style continued to be used in the Kingdom of Great Britain until January 1, 1752, except Scotland which changed to Circumcision Style dating on 1 January 1600. The rest of Great Britain changed to Circumcision Style on the 1 January preceding the conversion in Great Britain from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar on 3/14 September 1752.

Stephen_Crane
Stephen Crane (November 1, 1871 - June 5, 1900) was an American author in the late 19th century. He was born in Newark, New Jersey. For a while, he was a reporter in the slums of New York. Then, he wrote The Red Badge of Courage, which is about the American Civil War, and other stories such as The Open Boat and.

Mark_Twain
Mark Twain is the pen name of Samuel Langhorne Clemens (November 30, 1835 - April 21, 1910), a well known and well liked American writer born in Florida, Missouri. He worked mainly for newspapers and as a riverboat pilot before he became a writer.
Clemens was best known for his works in fiction (made-up writing), and especially for his use of humour. His first published story, in 1867, was "The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County."
"Huckleberry Finn" has become very respected, considered by many to be Clemens' best work. This story of a white boy who helps a black man escape slavery in the southern United States is known for its humanity.

Continental_Army
The Continental Army was the fighting force of the thirteen British colonies in the American Revolutionary War. It was created in 1775 by the First Continental Congress. Most of the army was disbanded in 1783 after the conclusion of the war. The army was officially closed by a resolution of Congress in 1784. The United States Army replaced it.
George Washington was elected the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army when it was formed and served until its replacement.

1239
1239 is a year in the 13th century

Exeter
Exeter is a city in England. It is the county town of Devon. Its population is just over 100,000. In the city are Exeter Cathedral, a ruined castle and much of the old Roman City wall.
Exeter was built by the Romans, who called it "Isca Dumnoniorum". After the Romans left and the Anglo-Saxons moved in in the seventh century, the name changed to Exeter.
Later Exeter was a centre of resistance to the Norman conquest.
Today it is home to the Meteorological Office, which forecasts the country's weather.

Bovinae
Bovinae is a subfamily of the even-toed ungulate family Bovidae. About 26 species of "bovines" belong to this subfamily.
Bovines are herbivores, and they mostly eat grass.
Taxonomy.
The four genera "Tetracerus", "Boselaphus", "Tragelaphus" and "Taurotragus" are sometimes put into their own subfamily "Tragelaphinae", and sometimes with the bovines.

500
500 (Roman numerals: D) is a common year of the Gregorian calendar. It started on a Friday.
It is one of only seven years to use just one Roman numeral. The seven are 1 AD (I), 5 AD (V), 10 AD (X), 50 AD (L), 100 AD (C), 500 AD (D), and 1000 AD (M).

Marburg
Marburg is a city in Hesse, Germany, on the Lahn river. It is the main town of the Marburg-Biedenkopf Rural Disitrict. It has about 80,000 inhabitants and a small, but well-known university.

Brothel
A brothel is a bar, nightclub or hotel where prostitutes work. People go there to buy sex for money.
Is it legal?
In some countries, operating brothels is legal, in other countries it is illegal. Examples of where brothels are illegal are Canada and most of the United States. Brothels are legal in most of Europe, for example. A country which has very lax laws regarding prostitution is the Netherlands.
History.
Brothels have been known for most of recorded history. At first there was temple prostitution in many Mediterranean and Middle Eastern countries.
In Ancient Greece and Roman civilizations, brothels were established. Sometimes they were licensed institutions. This was first recorded in Athens in 594 BC. Public sources of the time said it was good that Solon installed the brothel. People said this would reduce the problems caused by sexually unfulfilled sailors and workers. It would also fill money into the public purse. This first official brothel was soon followed by many others, and also influenced the creation of special schools in which various classes of prostitutes (from slavegirls to future courtesans) were trained for their profession.
Business models.
The third option (the brothel owner renting space and facilities to prostitutes) gives some way for the brothel owner to say he did not know what is going on. This is especially the case where prostitution is forbidden or restricted. Brothel owner often disguise their actions as running a massage parlor, a bar or a similar venue.
Allowing such places (while forbidding prostitution) can also give politicians a way to save their face when they do not want to put the laws against prostitution into practice.
Related concepts.
A nightclub where nude or partially nude women strippers dance on a stage for an audience is called a "strip club". A well-known strip club is the Moulin Rouge in Paris.

Zealand
Zealand is an island of Denmark. It is the largest island. Over two million people live on it. On the island, there is the capital city of Denmark, Copenhagen.

European_Revolutions_of_1848
The European Revolutions of 1848 were a series of revolts in Europe. In some places they are called Spring of Nations or the Year of Revolution.
These revolutions started in February with the French Revolution of 1848, continued in March with several other revolutions amongst them the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 and the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states.
The people of the countries tried to take over their governments.

River_Forth
The River Forth is a river in Scotland. It flows through the city of Edinburgh, and it flows into the sea.

Howland_Island
Howland Island is a small island in the north Pacific Ocean, just above the Equator. It is owned by the United States. The island is an animal refuge (no people can live there so that animals can be safe).
Weather.
Howland island is a very hot and sunny island with wind blowing almost all the time. It only rains every once in a while.
Location.
Howland Island is located at 0 48 N, 176 38 W

Irina_Slutskaya
Irina Slutskaya (ru: Ирина Слуцкая) (born February 9, 1979 in Moscow), is a Russian figure skater. She has won two world championships and six European championships.
Irina began skating when she was four years old. She has had the same coach, Zhanna Gromova, since she was six years old. By 1996, she was European champion and came third in the world championships (at age 17). She went to school at the Moscow Academy of Physical Culture, graduating in the year 2000.

Belief
A belief is a firm thought that something is true.
It can be in thinking something will happen. For example "I believe amy will come around today" or it can be used in context of religion such as "I believe Jesus died for us all"
Belief sometimes goes together with Doubt but shouldn't be confused. Both feelings are not completely sure, but belief is stronger.

Lagos
Lagos is the largest city in Nigeria in West Africa with more than 10 million people. There is about 12.5 million to 18 million people living in Lagos which makes it one of the biggest cities in Africa. This includes the greater Lagos area and other smaller cities like Surulere, Agege, Ikeja, Ikorodu, Ajegunle, Oshodi, Maryland.
Lagos was the capital of Nigeria until 1992, when the capital was moved to Abuja. Lagos still acts as the commercial capital of Nigeria and a gateway to West Africa.

Kurt_Browning
Kurt Browning (born June 18, 1966 in Rocky Mountain House, Alberta) is a Canadian figure skater. He won four world championships and four Canadian championships.
Browning did the first ever quadruple jump (four turns) in competition. He is well known for his footwork. As a professional, he has skated for Stars on Ice and Tom Collins Tour of Champions, won several professional championships, and did some T.V. skating specials. He has also talked during skating events on T.V. He has helped the charity Muscular Dystrophy.
Browning was raised in Caroline, Alberta. He married a dancer with the National Ballet of Canada, Sonia Rodriguez, in 1996. They have a son Gabriel, born in 2003.

Toller_Cranston
Toller Cranston (born April 20, 1949 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian figure skater.
Cranston grew up in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. He was Canadian champion six times, and, despite never coming higher than third at a world championship, he came first in the free skate four times. He was well-respected for his artistic ability, and is recognized as someone who brought a new level of artistry to men's figure skating.
He skated as a professional for many years, choreographed (designed movement patterns for) skating routines, and was a commentator (talked about events) on T.V. during skating events. Today he is a painter; sometimes he paints about skating.

Gdańsk
Gdańsk is a city locate in the north of Poland, near the place where the Vistula river meets the Baltic Sea. It is Poland's 6th largest city (population of 500 000 people) and most important sea port.
It has existed since the 10th century and many times played a very important role in Poland's history (for example: this is where Solidarity, the movement which helped end Communist rule in Central and Eastern Europe, came to life).

Polish_language
Polish ("język polski", "polszczyzna") is the official language of Poland. It is the most widely spoken Western Slavic language and the second largest Slavic language after Russian. It is one of the most difficult languages to learn due to very complicated grammar.
In history, Polish was an important language in and. Today, Polish is spoken by over 38.5 million people as their first language in Poland. It is also spoken as a second language in western parts of Belarus, Lithuania, and Ukraine. Because of the from Poland during different time periods, millions of Polish speakers can be found in countries such as Australia, Canada, United Kingdom, United States, and so on. There are over 50 million Polish language speakers around the world.
Letters.
There are 9 letters in Polish which English doesn't have. They look like English letters with marks above or below them.
In lower case, the 9 letters are: ą ć ę ł ń ś ó ź ż
In upper case, the 9 letters are: Ą Ć Ę Ł Ń Ś Ó Ź Ż
There are 3 English letters which are not used in Polish: q, v, x.
There are 7 combinations of 2 letters which are like a single letter sound (similar to "th" or "qu" in English). These include "ch", "cz", "dz", "dź", "dż", "rz", "sz".
Sounds.
Many letters have the same sound in Polish and English, for instance "f", "m", and others. But other letters sound different, for instance Polish "w" sounds like an English "v", while Polish "ł" sounds like an English "w". There are also some Polish sounds which don't exist in English, and some English sounds which don't exist in Polish.
The vowels "ą" and "ę" are nasal, which means people pronounce them blowing air partly out of the nose as well as the mouth.
Most words are pronounced with an accent on the next-to-last syllable. For instance the Polish word "student" (which means the same as the English word) is pronounced with the accent on "stu" ("STU-dent"), while "studenci" (the plural form of "student") is pronounced with the accent on "den" (stu-DEN-ci).
Dialects.
The Polish language has several dialects, but less so than most European languages. There are small differences in "standard" Polish, but all speakers can understand one another, and non-native speakers often cannot notice the differences.
Grammar.
The grammar is complex, and has some features which do not appear in English.
Like many languages, Polish has grammatical gender. A table ("stół") is masculine, a book ("książka") is feminine, and a window ("okno") is neuter.
Nouns and adjectives and verbs have many endings, depending on their role in a sentence. There are 7 cases or roles which a noun can have in a Polish sentence, each with its own ending. The endings also depend on the gender of the noun.
Word order is more free in Polish, partly because the noun endings help people understand the role of the word. In English, "The boy bites the dog" is quite different from "The dog bites the boy", but in Polish people could use either order without confusion.
Basic Phrases.
Dzień dobry (Dz'ehn DOH-brih) - "Good morning" or "Good afternoon"
Dobry wieczór (DOH-brih v-YETCH-oor) - "Good evening"
Do widzenia (doh vee-DZEN-yah) - "Good bye"
Cześć! (tsheshch) - "Hi", "Hello!" or "Bye"
Tak (tahk) - "Yes" (in Polish people may not say long-short answers - like "Yes, I did" Tak is enough)
Nie (nyeh) - "No" or "Not" (in Polish people may not say long-short answers - like "No, I won't" Nie is enough)
Jak się masz? (yahk shyeh mahsh) - "How do you do?"
Jak się nazywasz? (YAHK sheng nahZYwash) or Jak masz na imię? (YAHK mahsh nah EE-myeng) - "What's your name?"
Nazywam się... (nah-ZIH-vahm sheng) or Mam na imię... (mahm nah EE-myeng) - "My name is..."
Nie mówię po polsku (nyeh MOW-vyeng poh POL-skoo) - "I don't speak Polish"
Lubię Cię (loo-bee-EH che) - "I like you"
Kocham Cię (ko-ham che) - "I love you"

African-American_people
An African-American generally refers to a person who lives in America and speaks English, but whose ancestors were from Africa. It could also describe a first-generation African immigrant to America.
The term is usually associated with "black people". This is because of many African-Americans' dark skin. Many Africans were brought to the United States as slaves. A large amount of the U.S. population (especially in many urban or city areas) is African-American. Outside of urban areas, there is also a wide rural area from Maryland to East Texas that has a lot of African-Americans living there.
African-American as an Ethnicity.
African-American refers to a specific range of diverse cultures with a common thread of ethnic connection to Africa. This term was created to describe an ethnic/cultural link to Africa for people who are American, much as in the case of Italian Americans or Polish Americans. The difference is that Italian Americans and Polish Americans know they are Americans of Italian or Polish (not general European)descent.
The 'African' in African-American acknowledges the connection to a number of African cultures, not one in particular. The 'American' shows the nationality and culture of the United States. A person born in Nigeria is still Nigerian even if he or she comes to the United States and lives here for the rest of their life. If that person wants to say that they are an American citizen, they would simply say "I am an American citizen". His American-born children could correctly call themselves Nigerian-American OR African-American.
In the United States when Americans say African-American or Black, they are referring to the same people. Both terms describe an ethnic group that came to exist in the United States. The Africans who were brought to America as slaves were from different nationalities and did not all speak the same language. They became a new blended ethnic group with a new language that was not their own: English.
With their American born children came the first generation of English speaking African Americans. But this development was not the same all over the country. For example; even today the Gullah People of the Sea Islands off the Carolina and Georgia coasts still speak a language that is a blend of several African languages.They are the descendants of slaves from different countries in Africa.
In America, and from an American point of view, the term 'Black' is often applied to other ethnic groups throughout the worldwho do not necessarily see themselves as Black. African American culture was born in the United States and is distinct from any single African culture.
African-American is a term that many Black people chose to call themselves because they found the term "Negro" offensive. Negro was a label attached by someone else.
In America there are many immigrants of mixed race that includes African descent, like Cape Verdeans, Dominicans and Puerto Ricans. These groups, by and large, do not think of themselves as Black or African American and object to these labels.
Many mixed raced Americans also resist pressure to identify themselves as Black or White.
See Also.
African American Vernacular English

Vince_Lombardi
Vincent Thomas Lombardi (June 11, 1913, in Brooklyn, New York, USA—September 3, 1970) was an American football coach that never had a losing season. Lombardi was named "NFL Man of the Decade" in the 1960s, and won five NFL championships, including winning the first two Super Bowls.
The yearly trophy given to the Super Bowl champion was renamed the "Vince Lombardi Trophy" ("right") in 1971, the same year Lombardi was named to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He was head coach of the Green Bay Packers and the Washington Redskins.

Yankee_Doodle_Dandy
"Yankee Doodle Dandy" is a 1942 biographical musical movie. It starred James Cagney as George M. Cohan.

Dhaka
Dhaka is the capital city of Bangladesh, previously known as Dacca upon till 1982. It has a population of 12,560,000 (2005). It is also the largest city of Bangladesh.
Long ago it was part of the Mughal Empire of Hindustan. After that, it became a part of the British Raj. Then it became a part of Pakistan as part of the Partition of India on 15 August 1947. Bangladesh was then called East Pakistan, and Dacca (Dhaka) became provincial capital of East Pakistan. In 1971, the new nation of Bangladesh was created. Dacca became its capital city and changed its spelling in 1982.

Heilongjiang
Heilongjiang is the northeastern-most province in China. It's bordered by Russia on the north and east. To the south is Jilin province, and the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region lies to the west.
The capital and largest city is Harbin. There had been a considerable foreign population in the region, particularly in Haerbin, by first the Russians in the late 19th century, and then the Japanese in the 20th century.
The terrain consists largely of plains and rolling hills, with relatively few low mountainous areas. The climate is fairly dry with quite cold winters. There are some famous winter "ice festivals" with elaborate snow and ice sculptures.

Vase
A vase is a container, often used for flowers. They can be made from a number of materials, including glass and ceramics. Many vases are decorated or painted but some are left plain. It sometimes is used for decorations in American and Chinese homes. It can be a big part of culture in many countries.

Academy_Award
The Academy Awards, commonly known as the Oscars, are the best-known movie awards in the United States. The awards have been given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences since 1929. Right now, the awards ceremony takes place in January at the Kodak Theater in Hollywood.

Crown
A crown is a type of headdress worn by a monarch. They are usually worn when they are crowned or at important occasions. Also, crowns are now used as a symbol of the monarchy.
Some children, mainly girls, connect flowers in a chain and wear them on their heads as if they were crowns. These are called "daisy chains" and have nothing at all to do with crowns. A crown can also be a part of the head.

Neoclassical_economics
Neoclassical economics is an economic theory that argues for markets to be free. This means governments should generally not make rules about types of businesses, businesses' behaviour, who may make things, who may sell things, who may buy things, prices, quantities or types of things sold and bought. The theory argues that allowing individual actors (people or businesses) freedom creates better economic outcomes. These outcomes may be a higher average standard of living, higher wages, better average life-expectancies, and higher GDP.
Arguements.
Markets are an abstract idea: assumed to be all the 'actors' (businesses or people) selling one thing, service or type of thing or service, and all the 'actors' buying it.
Theory.
Markets will 'reach equilibrium' if all the sellers who want to sell at or below a given price have sold to all the buyers who are willing to buy at or above a given price. the price is worked out in the market.
It may be easier to think about this in reverse: The market is not in equilibrium if people want to buy a haircut for ten (or more) pesos and someone is happy to sell the person a haircut for ten (or less) pesos, but for some reason this does not happen.
Neoclassical economists say this will not happen. Neo-Keynesians say it might, so the government could make the customer and the person selling the haircut happier by helping the customer somehow.
Opposition.
Neo-Keynesian economy is the opposite of Neoclassical economy. The major point of difference between neoclassical economics and neo-Keynesian economics is about whether 'markets' 'reach equilibrium'.

Juneau,_Alaska
Juneau () is the capital city of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is also the third largest city in Alaska, following Anchorage and Fairbanks. There are no thru roads to Juneau. One must travel by boat or plane to see the city.

Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana
Baton Rouge is the capital city of the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Trenton,_New_Jersey
Trenton is the capital city of the U.S. state of New Jersey.

Venus_fly-trap
The Venus fly-trap is a carnivorous plant. Carnivores are animals that eat other animals. Carnivorous plants are plants that eat small animals, such as insects. Carnivorous plants grow in soil that has little nitrogen. All living things must have nitrogen. Carnivorous plants take nitrogen from the insects they eat.
The Venus Flytrap catches insects in a trap on the end of the leaf. The open trap is like an open book. Red color inside the trap attracts insects. When an insect walks inside, special sensitive hairs feel the insect move. That makes the trap shut quickly. The trap holds the insect inside until it is dead. Then the plant takes the nitrogen from the insect’s body.
Venus fly-traps come from only one small part of America. But people anywhere can grow Venus Flytraps in pots.
The name is sometimes spelled Venus flytrap, Venus' flytrap, or Venus's-flytrap.

Trinitrotoluene
TNT (Trinitrotoluene) is an explosive similar to dynamite (based on nitroglycerin).
Sometimes TNT is used to mean dynamite, or dynamite is used to mean TNT, because they can be used in similar ways.

Sieve_of_Eratosthenes
The Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple test to check if a number is a prime number.
Repeat this for all numbers until you reach the square root of "n".
If "n" has been crossed out it is not prime.

Wire
Wire is a long, thin and flexible piece of metal. Electricity can travel through a wire. They are all different shapes and sizes. The outside coating of wires is colourful.
The word "Wire" can be also used "Wire money to a bank account". That means that money is transfered to a bank account.
A wire can also be when law enforcement puts a device into a phone or other electronic device to hear what suspected criminals are planning.

Rock_music
Rock music is a genre of popular music often, but not always, has electric guitar, bass guitar, drums, and singing.

Césarville-Dossainville
Césarville-Dossainville is a French village, which is located in the "département" of "Loiret" and the "région" of "Centre".

Pudding
Pudding is a popular dessert and snack. It tastes sweet, and comes in many flavors. The most common kind of pudding is chocolate. Some other kinds are vanilla, butterscotch, banana, and pistachio. Most pudding today is made out of milk, sugar, flavoring, and flour. Eggs can be used, too. If you do not want to make the pudding, you do not have to. The grocery store sells pudding that is already made. One of the most popular makers of pudding in the United States is Jell-O.
In Britain the word "pudding" is often used for any dessert, especially a dessert made with flour and eggs and cooked by steaming, boiling or baking, e.g. treacle pudding, chocolate pudding or Spotted Dick (pudding with raisins or currants). There are also milk puddings such as rice pudding or semolina.
Confusingly, "steak and kidney pudding" is a savoury dish, similar to "steak and kidney pie" but with a softer pastry.

Buckminster_Fuller
Richard Buckminster "Bucky" Fuller (July 12, 1895 – July 1, 1983) was an American philosopher, architect, and inventor.
One of his most visible inventions was the geodesic dome.

Tijuana
Tijuana is a city in Mexico. It is in the north of the country and across the border from, California in the United States. It is the largest city in Baja California.

Pituitary_gland
The pituitary gland is located at the base of the brain, and is an essential component of the endocrine system. The gland is attached to the hypothalamus and secretes hormones such as antidiuretic hormone (ADH), oxytocin, and prolactin. It controls: Growth, Blood pressure, and sex organs.

Dementia
Dementia is the progressive decline in cognitive function. It is caused by damage or disease in the brain. It is more common in older people and symptoms include the inability to remember things. That is, people who suffer from it tend to forget more things. A famous person who suffered from it was Augusto Pinochet, the Chilean leader.
Some types dementia are reversible. This means the damage of those can be undone. Other types are irreversible. This means that they cannot be undone. Irreversible dementia is usually caused by an incurable disease, such as Alzheimer's disease.
The two leading causes of dementia are Alzheimer's and Multi-infarct disease.
Reversible causes of dementia also include injuries to the head or the brain.

Charles_Lindbergh
Charles Augustus Lindbergh (February 4, 1902 – August 26, 1974), known as "Lucky Lindy" and "The Lone Eagle", was a pioneering United States airplane pilot famous for making the first solo non-stop flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
Early life.
Lindbergh was born in Detroit, Michigan. His parents were Swedish immigrants. He grew up in Little Falls, Minnesota. His father, Charles August Lindbergh, was a lawyer and later a U.S. congressman who was against the United States entering into World War I; his mother was a teacher. While he was young, he was interested in machines. In 1922 he joined a pilot training program with Nebraska Aircraft, bought his own airplane, and became a stunt pilot. In 1924, he started training as a pilot with the United States Army Air Corps.
After finishing first in his class, Lindbergh took his first job as pilot of an airmail route in St. Louis. He flew the mail in an airplane.
In April 1923, while visiting friends in Lake Village, Arkansas, Lindbergh made his first ever flight over Lake Village and Lake Chicot.
First solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean.
Lindbergh gained fame around the world as the first pilot to fly solo (alone) and non-stop across the Atlantic Ocean. He flying from Roosevelt Airfield (Nassau County, Long Island), New York, USA to Paris, France on May 20-May 21, 1927 in his single-engine airplane "The Spirit of St. Louis". He needed 33.5 hours for the trip. When he arrived back in the United States, many warships and aircraft escorted him to Washington, D.C. where President Calvin Coolidge gave him the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Lindbergh's act won him the "Orteig Prize", which was 25,000 US dollars. A parade was held for him on 5th Avenue in New York City on June 13, 1927. His public respect following this flight was such that he became an important voice on behalf of aviation activities until his death. He served on a variety of national and international boards and committees, including the central committee of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics in the United States. On March 21, 1929 he was presented the Medal of Honor for his historic trans-Atlantic flight.
Lindbergh is honored in aviation for mapping out polar air-routes, flying at high altitudes, and decreasing fuel use. These things are the basis of modern air travel.
Later life.
Lindbergh married Anne Morrow in 1929. In 1932 he made headlines again, when his baby son, Charles Lindbergh III, was kidnapped and murdered. Bruno Hauptmann was convicted of the crime and later put to death in the electric chair. The Lindberghs later moved to Europe. He died on August 26, 1974.

Coup_d'etat
A coup d'état (pronounced), or just coup () for short, is the removal of a head of state from power (overthrow). Unlike a revolution, which usually takes large numbers of people to take over, a coup can be done by a small number of people. Even one person can cause a coup if they, for example, control the country's army. Coups can also be done by other countries, such as the 1953 Iranian coup d'etat. One well-known coup was the Beer Hall Putsch, where Adolf Hitler tried to take over the government of the state of Bavaria in Germany.
The term comes from French for "a (sudden) blow (or strike) to a state".
Informally, "coup" is sometimes used to refer to takeovers, or wins, in places other than government, such as inside a corporation.

The_Wizard_of_Oz_(1939_movie)
"The Wizard of Oz" is a 1939 movie from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, based on L. Frank Baum's novel of the same name.
Success.
The movie has been considered, among many others, to be one of the greatest ever made. In 1998, it was sixth on the American Film Institute's 100 Years... 100 Movies list.
Plot.
Dorothy Gale (Judy Garland), a girl who lives in Kansas, and her dog Toto, are caught in a tornado that takes her to a fantastic land called Oz. The house that she is in kills the Wicked Witch of the East, she finds out from Glinda (the Good Witch of the North).
Arriving at the Emerald City, their villain, the Wicked Witch of the West, flies over them, writing out "SURRENDER DOROTHY" in the sky. When Dorothy and the others go to see the title Wizard himself, he says that he will only help them if they can get the Witch's broomstick. Then flying monkeys capture the group and send them to the Witch's castle.
The Witch asks for Dorothy's ruby slippers, but, since they cannot be taken off, she orders one of her monkeys to kill Toto. The dog escapes, and finding Dorothy's friends, leads them to the castle.
Dorothy is now inside a chamber with an hourglass and crystal ball. She will die if the hourglass runs out of sand.
Meanwhile, the Scarecrow, Tin Man and Lion try to save their friend, dressed up as the Witch's guards. As the three are about to rescue her, the Witch stops them, but Dorothy grabs a bucket of water and throws its contents on her. In doing so, the Witch melts down to nothing.
When the four travellers return to the Wizard (with the broomstick), he tells them to come back tomorrow. Yet Toto discovers that the "Wizard" is no more than just an ordinary "humbug", who entered Oz after a hot-air balloon accident. This leaves them surprised.
However, he gives, using magic instead of psychology, a diploma to the Scarecrow; a clock in the shape of a heart to the Tin Man; and a badge of courage to the Lion.
Soon after, the Wizard gives Dorothy a chance to return to Kansas on his balloon. But, just as he is about to leave, Toto gets off the balloon to chase a cat. When Dorothy gets him, the Wizard takes off without both of them.
Now, her only chance to go back home is found in Glinda. She tells Dorothy to click her heels three times, and say "There's no place like home" over and over again.
When she and her dog finally return, she finds out it was all a dream, and tells her family and friends about her adventures. Dorothy hugs Toto, and says to her Aunt Em that there is truly no place like home, thus ending the movie.

Burkina_Faso
Burkina Faso is a country in West Africa. It used to be called Upper Volta. The country was once ruled by France, but it has been independent since 1960. The capital is Ouagadougou.
In 2005, about 13,228,000 people lived in the country. It is next to Mali, Niger, Benin, Togo, Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire. People from Burkina Faso are called Burkinabé (pronounced burr-KEE-na-bay).
History.
A long time ago, a group of people called the Dogon lived in Burkina Faso. In the nineteenth century, France became the colonial rulers of Burkina Faso. After World War I, the country was called Upper Volta. In 1960, Upper Volta became independent from France. In 1984, the name was changed to Burkina Faso.

Frankfurt_am_Main
Frankfurt am Main is one of the biggest cities in Germany. The City of Frankfurt has a population of 670,000. The metropolitan area, called Rhine-Main after its two biggest rivers, has over four million people. Frankfurt is an important centre for traffic and for the financial business. The Frankfurt International Airport is the largest in Germany, and the third biggest in the world. Frankfurt's train station is one of the largest, and its highway crossing is the centre of Germany's street network. Frankfurt is the seat of the European Central Bank, the German Federal Bank (Bundesbank) and of the biggest German banks, and it has an important stock exchange where shares of German companies are traded.
Frankfurt is located on the Main river. The city's name means "ford of the Franks" - a ford is a place in a river where it is so shallow that you can walk through it, and the Franks were a Germanic people which existed in the first millennium. So, this was a place where travellers could cross the river without a boat. The frankish kings built a palace and a church here. Over the centuries, this group of buldings grew to be a big city which was famous for international trade and fairs, like today. Frankfurt was one of the most important cities of the Holy Roman Empire, and its emperors were crowned here. In the 19th century, Frankfurt was the capital of the German Confederation which was founded after the Holy Roman Empire fell apart. During the revolution of 1848, the first freely elected German parliament worked in Frankfurt.
During the Industrial Revolution, many factories and railway lines were built in Frankfurt and its suburbs. In the city centre, a lot of big buildings were built, like an opera house, theatres, stock exchange, railway stations, department stores or museums. Tram lines were constructed to make travelling inside the growing city easier. In World War II, the old city was totally destroyed by airplane bomber attacks. After the war, Germany was divided into two parts, and Frankfurt became the economic capital of West Germany while Bonn was chosen to be the political capital.
Frankfurt is a very international city. Every third inhabitant is not German. Most immigrants come from southeastern Europe, Turkey and North Africa, but there are people from almost every country living in Frankfurt. There are also many international business companies here, and the big airport links Frankfurt with many countries in the world. Many banks are based in Frankfurt, and the city has some of the tallest buildings in Europe.
"Frankfurter" is also a name for a hot dog, or sausage, because they are said to have originated in the city.

E-mail
Electronic mail (or e-mail or email) is an Internet service that allows those people who have an e-mail address (accounts) to send and receive electronic letters. Those are much like postal letters, except that they are delivered much faster than snail mail when sending over long distances, and are usually free. To send or receive an email, you need a gadget (computer, phone etc) connected to the Internet and an e-mail program (simply called mailer). Several formats exist for email addresses. The most common, called RFC 2822, looks like user@domain.com. E-mail messages are sent mostly by text, and sometimes by HTML style.
Like with regular mail, users may get a lot of unwanted mail. With e-mail, this is called spam. Some programs used for sending and receiving mail can detect spam and filter it out nearly completely.
Some companies let you send and receive emails for free from a remote website. Gmail, Hotmail and Yahoo! do this kind of service: known as "web mail".

Schindler's_List
"Schindler's List" is a 1993 movie set in World War II, and directed by Steven Spielberg. It is based on "Schindler's Ark", a 1982 book by Thomas Keneally. The movie and the book owe their names to the list of over a thousand Jews who worked in the title character's factory.
It is about a businessman named Oskar Schindler who saves thousands of Jews from being killed in the Holocaust by putting them to work in a factory. His list was the list of Jews he wanted to save.
The movie won seven Academy Awards, one for Best Picture. Spielberg won another for Best Director.
Among others such as "Citizen Kane" and "Sunset Boulevard", it has been called one of the greatest movies ever. In 1998, the American Film Institute selected it as the ninth most popular of all time in their 100 Years... 100 Movies list.
In February 1997, NBC aired a version without cuts of the movie (in two parts), much to the upset of many viewers. It was the first time a television broadcast had ever received the TV-M rating (soon to be called TV-MA).

Guinea-Bissau
Guinea-Bissau is a country in Africa. The official language is Portuguese, and the capital is Bissau. About 1,442,000 people live in Guinea-Bissau as of 2006.

Seychelles
Seychelles is a African country in the Indian Ocean. Its capital city is Victoria and its official languages are Creole, English, and French.
The country lies east of main African continent. The islands of Madagascar and Mauritius lie to the south. The republic is made up of 115 islands. The biggest part of the population is a mix of freed slaves from the African Continent and Madagascar and European settlers. They make up about 90%. There are small minorities of immigrants from Europe, China and India. Most people are catholic, about 90% of them. About 8% are Protestants.

Appellation_d'Origine_Contrôlée
"Appellation d'Origine Controlée" (AOC) is a French phrase which shows that a product comes from a certain area.
Some products must come from a certain area and be made in a certain way in order to have the name of the product. The most famous example is champagne, which must be fermented in the bottle and be made in the Champagne region.
The French government set up the "Institut National des Appellations d'Origine" (INAO) in 1935 to oversee the system. Although usually linked with wines, the start of the system of protecting the name of goods started in the 15th century when the French parliament defined what could be called Roquefort cheese.

Tannin
Tannins are bitter-tasting chemical compounds that bind proteins.
Tannins are also used in the treatment of leather, to make it more durable.

Vitamin
A vitamin is an acid that is needed for the human body to work correctly. They include Vitamin A, many B vitamins (like B1, B2, B3, B6, and B12), Vitamin C, Vitamin D, Vitamin E, and Vitamin K. For example, citrus fruits such as oranges and lemons contain vitamin C.
Many vitamins can not be made by the body itself. The body needs to obtain them through other routes, usually through food. A short term lack of a certain vitamin is usually not a problem, as the body is able to store vitamins for a short time. Not having a certain vitamin for a longer period of time can lead to different diseases, depending on the lacking vitamin. Probably the best-known of these diseases is scurvy, which results from not having enough Vitamin C.
Today, many pharmaceutical companies make inexpensive pills that contain various vitamins. These pills are sold as a supplement.
Name changes.
Currently there are no vitamins F to J. These existed at some time. Today they are either reclassified (no longer seen as vitamins). Some of them were also false leads, and turned out to be something else. Some were also renamed, because they are close to "Vitamin B". Today, the B vitamins are a whole complex, and not just one vitamin.
The German-speaking scientists who isolated and described vitamin K (in addition to naming it as such) did so because the vitamin is intimately involved in the 'Koagulation' (clotting) of blood following wounding. At the time, most (but not all) of the letters from F through I were already designated, so the use of the letter K was considered quite reasonable.
The following table lists chemicals that had previously been classified as vitamins, as well as the earlier names of vitamins that later became part of the B-complex.

United_States_House_of_Representatives
The United States House of Representatives is a part of the United States (U. S.) Congress. Congress is the legislature of the U. S. government and makes federal laws. The other part of Congress is the U. S. Senate. There are 435 members in the United States House of Representatives. These members are called U. S. Representatives or just representatives.
The number of representatives from each state depends on the number of people in that state, but there is at least one U. S. representative from each of the 50 states. The House of Representatives is in one of the two wings in the U.S. Capitol building. The other wing is for the Senate. Sometimes the House of Representatives is informally called the House. The chairman/chairperson in the U.S. House of Representatives is called the Speaker of the House. The term of the Speaker of the House is two years in office.
According to the U.S. Constitution, all bills about raising revenue must start in the House of Representatives. Also, the House of Representatives has the sole power to impeach certain officials, such as the president or federal judges. According to the U.S. Constitution, the House of Representatives can expel one of its representaives by a vote of at least two-thirds of its members.

Hungarian_language
Hungarian is a Finno-Ugric language, which is a member of the Uralic language family.
The group of Finno-Ugric languages also includes Finnish, Estonian, Lappic (Sámi) and some other languages spoken in the Russian Federation. Out of these it is Khanty and Mansi that are the most closely related to Hungarian. The Hungarian name for the language is "magyar".
Speakers and dialects.
Hungarian is spoken by about 14 million people. Most of its speakers live in Hungary (around 10 million) and Romania (around 1.5 million), but it is also spoken in Slovakia, the northern part of Serbia (Vojvodina), Ukraine and other countries. Hungarian is the official language of the Republic of Hungary and one of the official languages of the EU (European Union). It is also an official language of the Autonomous Republic of Vojvodina (Serbia) and of some places in the Republic of Slovenia. Hungarians call their language "magyar".
Hungarian has several dialects but they are not too different to make understanding difficult. The only such example may be the dialect of the Csángós of Romania. That dialect is an old and archaic version of the language.
Hungarian literary language is based on the "Northeastern dialect".
Grammar and words.
Hungarian grammar is rather different from the grammar of Indo-European languages. People may find this grammar complicated in the first time if they speak an Indo-European language until they realize that it works along some pretty logical rules.
Hungarian has no "grammatical gender". For example there are no separate words for 'he' and 'she' but there is one pronoun ('ő'). Instead of prepositions (like English 'from' or 'with'), Hungarian has "suffixes" (little words stuck to the end of main words). 'From Budapest' becomes 'Budapestről', and 'with Alexandra' becomes 'Alexandrával' in Hungarian. Another feature of the language is "vowel harmony". This means that suffixes must tone in (harmonize) with the vowel of the main word. To over-simplify it, if they have an 'a' in the word then the suffix will also contain an 'a' ('fa' - 'tree' and 'fával' - 'with a tree'), and if their word has an 'e' then its suffix too will get an 'e' (teve - 'camel' and 'tevével' - with a camel). In Hungarian they must put the stress always on the first syllable (the beginning) of the words.
Although Hungarian is not an Indo-European language, its lexicon (all the words of the language together) has many words from Slavic and Turkic languages, and also from German.
Writing.
Hungarian is written in the Latin alphabet. Some letters have accents (dots or commas above them) so while the English alphabet has 26 letters, Hungarian has 44. The writing of Hungarian is largely phonetic. This means that each letter has its own pronunciation, and it is easy to read any text once they learn how the letters are pronounced.
The history of the language.
The earliest known written Hungarian words are to be found in a Latin document, the "Foundation Charter of the Abbey of Tihany" (1054). The "Funeral Oration and Prayer" (1192-95) and "Old Hungarian Lament of Mary" (13th century) are the earliest known continuous Hungarian texts. In the 16th century the first printed Hungarian texts came out. Modern Hungarian literary language appeared in the 18th and 19th centuries. Hungarian replaced Latin as the official language of Hungary first between 1844 and 1849 and then in 1867.

Nucleotide
A nucleotide is a chemical compound that has an atomic ring, a sugar, information stored within a DNA molecule, and one or more phosphate groups. It is found in DNA.

Vancouver_Canucks
The Vancouver Canucks are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Early games.
The Canucks were first an amateur team in the Pacific Coast Hockey League (PCHL), winning the championship in 1946 and 1948. In 1952, the PCHL joined with the Western Canada Senior Hockey League to form the minor-league Western Hockey League. The Canucks won the championship in this league in 1958, 1960, 1969, and 1970.
Beginning.
The Canucks joined the NHL in 1970. They were not a good team at first, though they won their division in 1975. Andre Boudrias was a star for the team at this time. The team made the Stanley Cup finals in 1982, which surprised many people, since they had finished below average in the regular season. Goaltender Richard Brodeur, along with forwards Stan Smyl, Thomas Gradin, and Darcy Rota, led the team. Coach Roger Neilson and some players raised white towels on top of their hockey sticks to "surrender" to the referees, who they thought were unfair (a white flag means surrender or "I give up"). After that, the fans all waved white flags during Canucks playoff games. The team lost four games to zero in the finals to the New York Islanders.
Comeback.
In the late 1980s, players such as Toni Tanti and Petri Skriko led the team. They made the finals again in 1994, due to players such as goaltender Kirk MacLean, the "Russian Rocket" Pavel Bure (who scored the most goals in the NHL that year), Trevor Linden, and Cliff Ronning. However, they lost four games to three to the New York Rangers.
Problems.
The Canucks did poorly in the late 1990s, but improved in the 2000s. Markus Naslund came second in scoring in 2002 and 2003, and was named the Pearson Trophy winner as players' choice for the best player in 2003. Todd Bertuzzi, Matthias Ohlund, and Ed Jovanovski were also important players who helped lead the team to the division title in 2004. However, they lost in overtime of deciding game seven to the Calgary Flames in the first round of the playoffs (just as they had done in 1989), and the Flames went to the finals (just like 1989).
The Canucks just missed the playoffs in 2006. Two of the young stars, identical twins Daniel and Henrik Sedin, along with players such as Anson Carter, were important to the team that year.

Aymara_language
The Aymara language is spoken by the Aymara tribe in Bolivia, Peru, and north of Chile. In Chile only a third declared linguistic competence. The language is inflected. It is one of the few Native American languages which has over one million speakers.

Cusco
Cusco is a city in southeastern Peru, near the Huatanay Valley (Sacred Valley) in the Andes mountain range. It is the capital of Cusco Region. The city has a population of about 300 000, triple the population it contained just 20 years ago. Alternate spellings include Qusqu (in old Quechua), Cusco, (after the Spanish arrived), and Qosqo current Quechua. Cusco is the preferred way to spell it in Spanish.
Inca history.
Cusco was the capital of Tahuantinsuyu (or Inca Empire). The city was planned to be shaped like a puma. The city had two areas: the "hurin" and "hanan", which were further divided to each be part of two of the four provinces of the Inca Empire: Chinchasuyu (NW), Antisuyu (NE), Cuntisuyu (SW), and Collasuyu (SE).
A road led from each of these quarters to the corresponding quarter of the empire. Each local leader was required to build a house in the city and live part of the year in Cusco, but only in the quarter of Cusco that corresponded to the quarter of the empire he had territory in.
According to Inca legend, the city was built by Sapa Inca Pachacuti, the man who transformed the Kingdom of Cusco from a sleepy city-state into the vast empire of Tahuantinsuyu. But archaeological evidence points to a slower, more organic growth of the city beginning before Pachacutieven though he did initiate growth in the city after defeating the Chancas as a monument to Incan glory. There was however a city plan, and two rivers were channeled around the city.
Post-Columbian Cusco.
The first Spanish soldiers arrived in the city on November 15, 1533. Spanish "conquistador", or "conqueror", Francisco Pizarro, however, officially refounded Cusco on March 23, 1534, naming it the "Very noble and great city of Cusco". The many buildings constructed after the Spanish conquest have Spanish influence with a mix of Inca architecture. The Spanish made a new city on the foundations of the old Inca city, replacing Incan temples with churches and palaces for the Spanish. In the colony, the city of Cusco was very rich, thanks to the agriculture, cattle raising, mining and trade with Spain. Many churches and convents were built, and even a Cathedral, and the Universidad Nacional San Antonio Abad del Cusco.
The major earthquake that hit Cusco in 1950 badly destroyed the Dominican Priory and Church of Santo Domingo, which were built on top of the impressive Koricancha (Temple of the Sun). The city's Inca architecture, however, survived the earthquake. Many of the old Inca walls were thought to have been lost after the earthquake, but the granite walls of the Koricancha were exposed, as well as many walls throughout the city. While some wanted to restore the buildings to their colonial splendor, some of Cusco citizens urged city officials to retain the exposed walls. Eventually they won out and now tourists from around the world enjoy looking at these ruins within the living city. The 1950 earthquake was the second time that the Dominican Priory had been destroyed, the first being in 1650 when another major earthquake struck Cusco.
Nearby sights.
Other nearby Inca sites are: Pachacuti's presumed winter home Machu Picchu, which can be reached by a lightly maintained Inca trail; the "fortress" at Ollantaytambo; and the "fortress" of Sacsayhuaman which is approximately two kilometers from Cusco. Other less visited ruins include Inca Wasi, the highest of all Inca sites at 3,980 m (13,134 feet), and Old Vilcabamba the capital of the Inca after the Spanish took over Cusco.
The surrounding area, located in the Huatanay Valley, is strong in agriculture. There is corn, barley, quinoa, tea, and coffee grown.
Cusco's main stadium, Estadio Garcilaso de la Vega, attracted many tourists during South America's continental soccer championship, the Copa América 2004, which was held in Peru.

David_Souter
David Souter is a member of the Supreme Court of the United States. He was born September 17, 1939. Souter has been an Associate Justice since 1990. He replaced William J. Brennan.

Nagasaki
Nagasaki is a large city in Kyushu, western Japan. It was one of two cities in Japan that were bombed with a nuclear bomb near the end of World War II. The other was Hiroshima.

Yttrium
Yttrium is a chemical elemental metal. It is atomic number 39 on the periodic table.

Door
A door is a hard, flat thing a person can open and close so the person can go into a room or other place. It is found in houses and other buildings. Doors are also found in cars and cages.
Types of doors.
A revolving door is a group of doors that turn in a circle as a person pushes one. The person can go through, but wind and rain cannot get in.
A blind door is a fake door that is really part of the wall. People use them to make a room look nice.
An up-and-over door is often used in garages. Instead of hinges, it rolls up on rails so that it stays above the opening.
A fire door is a door that does not let fire go through. They are usually made of heavy steel.

James_Bond
James Bond is a fictional British spy created by Ian Fleming in 1953.
1950s-1960s.
In 1953, Fleming wrote Casino Royale, the very first James Bond novel. The novel made a quite good amount of money, and he continued to write one James Bond novel each year until he died in 1963. In 1962 Albert. R. "Cubby" Broccoli and Harry Saltzman started to produce the first James Bond film, Dr. No, starring Sean Connery as James Bond. The film became extremely popular, and they continued to make more Bond films. In the end of the 1960s Connery did not want to do any more Bond films, and many thought that Bond was now dead. In 1969, George Lazenby appeared in one film as the Bond character, but the film was not successful.
1970s-1980s.
In the 1970s, producers came up with the "Live and Let Die" movie, starring Roger Moore as Bond. The film became an enormous success. The series continued throughout the 1970s and 1980s with Roger Moore playing the role of Bond.
In the 1980s, Bond films were not as successful at the box office. Unlike the 1960s and 1970s, in the 1980s there were many other action films being produced that could compete with the Bond series.
After Moore left the role as Bond, he was replaced with Timothy Dalton in the late 1980s. Dalton tried to make a serious, "down to earth" Bond, closer to the Fleming novels. Fans did not like Dalton's interpretation of the Bond character, and the films made little money.
1990s.
The Cold War ended in 1991. Since Bond almost always fought Communists, many now thought that the Bond series of movies was finally dead.
In 1995, producers developed the Goldeneye movie, starring Pierce Brosnan as Bond. This film made the Bond character well-known in the 1990s.
2000s.
In 2002, the James Bond character was used in the 20th film, Die Another Day, the 40th anniversary of the films and the 50th anniversary since Fleming wrote his first Bond novel.
In 2006, the 21st film, Casino Royale, was released. Pierce Brosnan, who played James Bond in the previous 5 films, was replaced by Daniel Craig, the first James Bond to have blonde hair since Sean Connery. The film is based on the first Ian Fleming novel of the same name, but is set in the present day. The movie features a cameo appearance by Richard Branson, a British billionaire and a new model of Aston Martin DB9, the car that made James Bond so famous in the 1960's. Many fans think that whilst this movie is different to other films, it is much better, and movies in the future (however few there will be) will be in this new format.
Films.
The James Bond films were massive hits. However, there are two films classed as unofficial Bond films and not recognised as part of the series. The 1967 version of "Casino Royale" was a spoof, featuring "Jimmy Bond". Also, "Never Say Never Again" was not made by Albert R. Broccoli's production company, EON Productions.

Umbilicus
The umbilicus (also called navel or bellybutton) is the part of the body of mammals that is left after a baby loses its umbilical cord. The umbilicus of humans is in the middle of the abdomen.

Neon
Neon is a gas. It is chemical element 10 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Ne.
The word "neon" comes from the Greek word meaning "new". It was discovered by William Ramsay and Morris W. Travers in 1898.
Neon does not react with other elements, so it is found by itself. There is not much neon in the air, and it is clear, so we do not see it.
Neon gas is used in lamps. When electricity goes through the neon, it lights up in many different colors. That is why it's used in neon signs.

Osmium
Osmium is a chemical element. It is element number 76 on the periodic table. Its symbol is "Os".
There is not much osmium on earth. There is actually such a small amount that osmium is very expensive.
Osmium is a metal and it does not react very much, and such a metal is known as a "noble metal".
It was discovered in 1804 by Smithson Tennant in London, England. He found it together with Iridium in a bit of Platinum, which he had dissolved in Aqua regia.

Fornication
Fornication is a word that means having sex with someone who is not your spouse. Most Christians believe it is sinful.

Wikiquote
Wikiquote is a "sister" (related) project of Wikipedia. It is one of many projects run by the Wikimedia Foundation.
Wikiquote was based on an idea by Daniel Alston and made by Brion Vibber. The goal of the project is to produce a large reference of quotations from famous people, books, and proverbs, and to give details about them.
As of October 29, 2008, 17 versions each have more than 1,000 articles. The largest Wikiquote is the English project with over 16,500 content pages, followed by German and Italian versions, both with over 7,000 content pages. In total, forty-eight language have over 100 content pages.

Somaliland
Somaliland is a country in Africa. It is next to Djibouti and Ethiopia.
In May of 1991, five families in Somalia declared independence. They formed Somaliland out of six political areas in northern Somalia. Most countries do not think that Somaliland is an actual country, so it is "unrecognized".
Somaliland has a republican government, with free elections. The capital is Hargeisa.

Cacao_tree
The Cacao tree is a small tree originally in tropical South America. It is small, and only grows to 4 to 8 metres in height. Its seeds are called cocoa and are used to produce cocoa butter, the chocolate drink, as well as chocolate. Nowadays the trees are grown in plantations in many tropical countries.
Cultivation.
Cacao is planted on over 70000 square kilometres worldwide with 40% of production coming from Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, and Indonesia. Each country produces about 15%, with smaller amounts coming from Brazil, Nigeria, and Cameroon.
A tree begins to bear fruit when it is 4 or 5 years old. In one year, when mature, it may have 6,000 flowers, but only about 20 pods. About 300-600 seeds (10 pods) are required to produce around 1 kg of cocoa paste.
There are three main cultivar groups of cacao beans used to make cocoa and chocolate. The most prized, rare, and expensive is the Criollo Group, the cocoa bean used by the Maya. Only 10% of chocolate is made from the Criollo, which is less bitter and more aromatic than any other bean. The cacao bean in 80% of chocolate is made using beans of the Forastero Group. Forastero trees are significantly hardier than Criollo trees, resulting in cheaper cacao beans. Trinitario, a hybrid of Criollo and Forastero, is used in about 10% of chocolate. For details of processing, see cocoa.
Cacao beans were commonly used as currency in Pre-Columbian Mesoamerica. In some areas, such as Yucatán, they were still used in place of small coins as late as the 1840s.

Siege_of_Jerusalem_(1187)
The Siege of Jerusalem took place from September 20 to October 2, 1187. It was part of the war called the Third Crusade.
Balian of Ibelin defended Jerusalem against the armies of Saladin.
A fictionalized version of the siege (attack) is seen in the movie "Kingdom of Heaven", directed by Ridley Scott.

37
37 is a year in the 1st century.

People_for_the_Ethical_Treatment_of_Animals
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) is the world's largest non-profit organisation about animal rights. The four main beliefs of PETA are that animals are not to be used for food, clothes, exploitation or testing. The headquarters of the organisation is located in Norfolk, Virginia in the United States.
Recently, PETA has protested fast food chain KFC for the way it kills chickens. In the past, it has protested many corporations including IAMS.
PETA's main website is made for adults and vegans. They also have another website called PETA2 which is made for teenagers who are vegetarian, vegan or still deciding. PETA has over one million members.

Wild_Turkey
The Wild Turkey ("Meleagris gallopavo") is the name of the more common of the two species of turkey (a large bird). They are found across much of the United States and southern Canada. Wild Turkeys are rather large, and sometimes hunted by people.
The "domesticated turkey" has been tamed and bred from wild turkeys, by people, to raise on farms.

Emotion
Emotion is how people feel inside. Emotions are psychological effects on the body (caused by the brain). They can be sadness, happiness, anger, fear, joy and more.

Palma_de_Mallorca
Palma de Mallorca is the capital of the Balearic Islands and the Mallorca island, in the Mediterranean Sea, in front of the Iberian Peninsula. The city, with a population of 375,000, is the ninth-largest of Spain. It is a very important tourist center in the world.

Caesium
Caesium (or cesium) is chemical element 55 on the periodic table. Its symbol is Cs.
Caesium is an alkali metal. It has some interesting properties. It can melt when you hold it in your hand, but it would not be smart to hold pure caesium in your hand because it is extremely reactive. It will even explode in air. There is not much caesium available on the Earth, so it costs a lot of money to buy it.
Caesium forms compounds with many other chemical elements. Because of this, it is used in tubes without air because caesium will react with the air. Otherwise, caesium does not have too many uses. One form of caesium, caesium-137 (how many protons and neutrons there are in an atom of that type of caesium), is used in atomic clocks.
The human body does not need caesium, and it may be dangerous because it acts like other important things our bodies need, like sodium and potassium.

Rambla_de_las_Ovejas
The Rambla de las Ovejas (which translates to Ravine of the Sheeps) is a water course of the province of Alicante, in Spain. It originates at the foot of the Maigmo, to 1,100 meters of height and gathers the waters of the sides of the Maigmo, Cid and others of minor height across numerous tributary ravines. It ends in the city of Alicante, between the neighborhoods of Babylon and Saint Gabriel.
The tributary ravines are those of Rambuchar, Pepior, Alabaster and Bramble, between the most important. The normally dry riverbed experiences forts grown as consequence of torrents, like the rains in 1982 it came to 400 m³/seg. in Alicante causing serious destruction and human losses. It has since been canalized providing to the riverbed of a potential capacity of 735 m³/seg. In the floods of 1997 it came to 100 m³/seg.

Methane
Methane is a hydrocarbon that is a gas at room temperature (20oC). Its molecular formula is CH4, so it has one carbon atom and four hydrogen atoms in a molecule. It is often found as the main part of natural gas. Methane is a greenhouse gas 22 times more effective than carbon dioxide. It is also less stable and slowly oxidates by oxygen to carbon dioxide and water.
Uses.
Methane is used in gas taps in places such as chemistry classrooms, laboratories, etc. as it burns very easily because of it's simple molecular structure.
Molecular structure.
Methane's molecular structure is very simple. It is a single carbon atom surrounded by four hydrogen atoms.
Production.
Methane can be produced by many chemical methods, but usually is found in natural gas and is obtained by fractional distillation, after it is become liquid.

Aruba
Aruba is an island in the Caribbean Sea, just a short distance north of the Venezuelan Paraguaná Peninsula, and it forms a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Unlike much of the Caribbean region, it has a dry climate and an arid, cactus-strewn landscape. This climate has helped tourism, however, as visitors to the island can reliably expect warm, sunny weather.
The island broke off from the Netherlands Antilles in 1986, hoping to gain its independence by 1996. In 1990, that effort stopped at the request of the island itself.
The island came into the news after high school senior Natalee Holloway disappeared on a high school graduation trip on May 30, 2005.

Cartagena
Cartagena is a city in the Region of Murcia, in Spain. In the south of the region, at the Mediterranean Sea. The population of the city is 205,000 and it is an industrial centre. Cartagena was founded by the Carthaginese as "Qart Hadasht" and the name means "New City".

Anti-Kurdism
Anti-Kurdism is hostility towards or prejudice against Kurds, which can range from individual hatred to institutionalized, violent persecution.

Coral_Springs,_Florida
Coral Springs, Florida, is a planned city in the United States. It was founded on July 10, 1963.

Sex_Pistols
The Sex Pistols were the first popular punk group in Britain. They were only together for two years in the late 1970s and they were known for their rowdy behavior more than their music. The music they made gave many new artists a big influence on their music, mostly in the alternative music and punk scenes. Members in the band: Johnny Rotten- vocals, Paul Cook- drums, Steve Jones- guitar, Glen Matlock- bass. Sid Vicious later replaced Matlock on bass. They recorded only one studio album, called Never Mind the Bollocks - Here's the Sex Pistols. One of their most famous songs is Anarchy In The UK.

Myanmar
The Union of Myanmar, (originally known as the Union of Burma), is the largest country in South Asia that is not an island. It is bordered by China on the north, Laos on the east, Thailand on the southeast, formerly by the East Pakistan region/1947-1971 (now Bangladesh since 1972 on the west, and the Republic of India on the northwest, with the Andaman Sea to the south, and the Bay of Bengal to the southwest. There are over 2,000 kilometers (1,243 mi) of coast line. The country was ruled by a military junta led by General Ne Win from 1962 to 1988, and its political system today stays under the tight control of its military government. Since 1992, Myanmar has been ruled by Senior General Than Shwe.
Origin and history of the name.
In 1989, the military junta officially changed the English version of its name from "Burma" to "Myanmar". It also made a new name in English for places in the country, such as its former capital city, from "Rangoon" to Yangon. The official name of the country in the Burmese language, "Myanma" did not change, however. The renaming was controversial, seen by some as linguistically bad. Accepting the name change in the English-speaking world has been slow, with many people still using the name "Burma" to refer to the country. Major news organizations like the BBC still call it Burma. Some question the military junta's authority to "officially" change the name in English in the first place. Aung San Suu Kyi, however, calls the country Myanmar now.
History.
Myanmar had a strong kingdom in ancient times, but the nation was taken over by the British in the 1800s. Myanmar became independent in 1948 as the Union of Burma, and had a democratic government at first. However, in 1962, a coup d'état brought the military into power, where it has been ever since. The founder of modern Myanmar, Aung San was assassinated months before independence. His daughter Aung San Suu Kyi is currently under house arrest for leading the democracy movement.
In 1991, the military junta agreed to democratic elections, which were won by the National League for Democracy, and should have made Aung San Suu Kyi the Prime Minister. However, the dictatorship ignored the results of the elections and continued ruling. In November 2005, the military government stated that the national capital would be moved from Yangon to a location near Pyinmana, which was renamed Naypyidaw in March 2006.
Land.
Today, there are 14 sections. 7 are called states and the other 7 are called divisions.
The divisions are split into townships. The townships are divided into villages and wards.

Bahasa_Indonesia
Bahasa Indonesia is the official language of the Asian country of Indonesia (since its independence in 1945). It is a type of the Malay language, which it resembles.
It is spoken as a second language by most natives living in the country, because they use a regional one (such as Javanese). However, Indonesia's education, media and communication all use Bahasa Indonesia.
The language's official name is "Bahasa Indonesia" (language of Indonesia), which is also used in English.

Mel_Brooks
Mel Brooks (born June 28, 1926) is a Jewish American actor, comedian, writer, film director, and producer.
Two of his most popular films are "Young Frankenstein" (co-written with Gene Wilder) and "Blazing Saddles" (co-written with Richard Pryor).
Brooks is one of the few people to have won Oscar, Emmy, Tony, and Grammy Awards.

British_Virgin_Islands
The British Virgin Islands are part of the Virgin Islands chain of islands shared by both the United States and the United Kingdom. It has sixteen inhabited and more than twenty uninhabited islands, and it includes the island of Anegada. It has an area of 153 km². Its population of more than twenty-two thousand is small, compared to that of the United States Virgin Islands.
The capital city, Road Town, is located on Tortola, one of the islands in the group.
Government.
In 1666 England took over the islands. The first lieutenant governor was appointed in 1701, but the British Virgin Islands were usually governed as part of other groups of islands in the Caribbean until 1960 when last legal links with the Leeward Islands were abolished.
A new constitution was given in 2007. It grants more control over everyday life to the Islanders, and lists the protection a person can expect from the government. The Chief Minister will become the Prime Minister, and the Legislative Council will be called the House of Assembly. These changes usually happen when a colony gets close to being independent.

Wallonia
Wallonia (walloon: "Waloneye" or "Walonreye") is a French-speaking region in the south of Belgium. Its official languages are French (98%) and German (2%). Many people understand local language Walloon, some still speak it and few write it. German is spoken mainly in the area of the German-speaking Community of Belgium
Its one of three regions in Belgium. The other two regions are Flanders and the Brussels-Capital Region.
French speaking Walloons share the French community with french speaking people of Brussels.
The capital of the region is Namur. Other important cities are: Liège, Charleroi, Mons, Tournai and Verviers.

Santa_Cruz_de_Tenerife
Santa Cruz de Tenerife is the capital of the Canary Islands. It is situated in Tenerife, the biggest and most important (political and economic) island of the Canaries.

Sovereignty
Sovereignty is the right of a government to have complete control over its area.
James Otis in his defense of the American colonists against the writs of assistance stated that "every man is his own sovereign". The United States Declaration of Independence, states "We hold these truths to be self evident, that all men are created equal".

Bulimia_nervosa
Bulimia nervosa (bulimia) is a disease and a type of eating disorder. It is when a person wants to starve his or her self. People who have it feel that they are fat and want to be skinny. When they are hungry, they eat a lot of food. Then, they try to take it back by vomiting, exercising, or using drugs. Sometimes, they do all three.
Symptoms.
The person with bulimia eats large amounts of food. Then, they want to get rid of it. To do this, they vomit, exercise, or use drugs. They do this at least two times a week. The person always thinks about how his or her body looks, and he or she wants to be skinny. The person is usually underweight, and they may also have anorexia nervosa.
Risks.
Bulimia nervosa can hurt a person. Because vomit has a lot of acid in it, doing it a lot can burn the person's mouth, throat, or teeth. Someone can lose nutrients or fluids in his or her body. Glands in one's throat and face may get bigger and hurt. He or she cannot recover from being sick with other things, and a person can get muscle or heart problems.
People who get bulimia.
Most people who get bulimia are women, men and sometimes even depressed/anxious animals generally ages 10 to 25. People who had bad things happen to them or who have lots of money are more likely to get the disease too. One is also likely to get it if he or she is smart or likes things to be perfect.

Rocky
"Rocky" is a 1976 movie. It was written by, and starred, Sylvester Stallone. The movie is about a man living in Philadelphia, who is trying to become a great boxer. It won three Academy Awards, for Best Picture, Best Director, and Film editing (it was nominated for seven other Awards), and was ranked #78 in AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list. It was followed by 5 sequels, the most recent came out in 2006.

Lucid_dream
A lucid dream is a dream where the person knows that they are dreaming. The person can then try to control things in the dream because it is not real. In a lucid dream, it is possible to do anything the dreamer wants, such as flying.
Some people have lucid dreams for spiritual reasons, but they can also be used for fun.
Ways to lucid dream.
Although some people can have lucid dreams without trying, most people do not have them often. It is important to be able to remember dreams, because if the dreamer doesn't remember them, he or she won't know if they were lucid dreams or not. Remembering dreams becomes easier if they are written in a dream diary upon waking up.
There are some ways that help make lucid dreams more likely. Stephen LaBerge, a psychologist who studies lucid dreams, made the MILD (mnemonic induction of lucid dreaming) technique. To do this, the dreamer must wake up after having a dream, and visualise himself or herself being in the dream again, except now knowing it is a dream. The dreamer should think "the next time I'm dreaming, I want to remember I'm dreaming", and should concentrate on this while returning to sleep.
There are many other ways to help someone lucid dream.

Spam_(food)
Spam is a canned meat food made by the Hormel Foods Corporation. It is made from pork shoulder meat and ham. Spam Lite, a newer kind of Spam, is made with pork and chicken.
There have been many ideas about what the word "Spam" means. The Hormel Foods Corporation once said that it means "Shoulder of Pork and hAM".
Spam also refers to unwanted bulk email.
Jokes about Spam.
Monty Python created a skit about Spam in 1970.

Apostrophe
An apostrophe is a form of punctuation used in writing. The following words have an apostrophe in them: can't, it's, Mike's.
This is a wrong use of an apostrophe: Those dog's are big.
Apostrophes are used to show that some letters have been taken out in an abbreviation.
Apostropes are also used to show something belongs to someone (or something).
But the word 'its', meaning 'something belonging to it', does "not" have an apostrophe.
This is also the same with "your," "their," and "our."
for example: That's not mine, it's yours. That's not ours, it's theirs.
You should not put an apostrophe in the middle of a word ending in s, such as a plural. Put an apostrophe, or 's, at the end of the word instead.
"Go get 'em tiger!" or "Li'l Bow Bow"

Bun
A bun is a type of food made out of bread.
A bun can be either savoury (like a hot dog) or sweet (like a hot cross bun or a bun with icing and a cherry on top).

Warcraft
Warcraft is a game series created by Blizzard Entertainment. The series consists of several games including Warcraft to. This game is a Real Time Strategy game where players test their knowledge in strategic warfare to destroy enemies. The most successful game of the series is The Frozen Throne expansion which sold more than 12 million copies. The famous game known to many people as World of Warcraft was based off of these games. Blizzard Entertainment also created World of Warcraft and was published by Vivendi Games.
Objective and information.
The main objective of this real time strategy game is to succeed in eliminating ones enemy. The main races of the game are the mighty Humans, the plagued Undead, the peaceful Night Elves and the rueful Orcs. There are many other branches of races in this game but when playing the other games within this major game, these races are the only ones in which a player can play.
Battle.net.
Battle.net consists of four servers in this game. Azeroth, Northrend, Kalimdor and Lordaeron. This areas represent the different parts of the world in which players play. The closer a player is to each location, the better their connection is to the game. The maximum amount of players per session or also known as "map" is 12. The problem with a game that allows more than 12 players is that it will "lag" the game which is a problem in which Blizzard is tackling.
Azeroth represents US East, Lorderon represents US West, Kailamdor represents Asia and Northerend represents Europe.
The free Battle.net service is mostly used by players as a chat room that can have a maximum of 40 players. There are four types of chatrooms in this program. The public chatrooms that Blizzard made, the private chatrooms in which regular players join, the chatrooms made by clans which always begin with the word Clan followed by up to 4 letters which usually give the acronym for the clan or The Void which is a place in which chat is restricted and where everyone who has been kicked or banned from a channel will go. Players do have the ability to access this area manually.
World Editor.
The World Editor is a program made by Blizzard Entertainment that allows normal players to edit or make their own custom map. This program allows players to use GUI or Jass (a Blizzard made code) to create a map of a players own desire. This has increased the interest of the game because players can now make many different types of maps unlike other games where abilities are extremely limited. On Battle.Net, players can host these games with other players in the custom games section of Battle.net.
Clans and Clan Ranking.
This is the first game On battle.net in which Blizzard Entertainment has a clan system created. Clans must have a minimum of 10 players one including the creator who is the chieftain of the clan. Advisers of the chieftain may be selected after a week of probation time. Their positions are known as shamans. All players except the chieftain will first start out as a peon after they join. After the probation time as stated earlier which is 1 week, they will automatically be turned into grunts which is clearly a higher position than the peon. Before probation time is ended, players have a minimum amount of abilities such as not being able to remove them selves from the clan or other dubious tasks.
Warcraft Battle.net Population.
The daily population of this game varies everyday. Usually on the weekends, the population is larger per day. The population per day on weekends can exceed to up to 100,000 players whereas on weekdays, it can be as low as 60,000.

Kettle
A kettle is a type of pot that is used in a kitchen. It is used to make water hot or to boil water.
In the past, kettles were made of metal like copper. Kettles were put on a rack or a hook above the fire to become hot. Now, metal kettles is put on the stove or rangetop. Sometimes they are made of ceramic or clay.
Now, some people have electric kettles. These kettles plug into the wall and use electricity to generate heat. They are usually plastic or metal. They heat water faster than kettles on a stove. Kettles are often used to make tea.
They are more common in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth than other places like the United States.

2030s
The decade as a whole.
This decade will be called "the twenty-thirties". The Roman number will be MMXXX.

Surface
A surface is the outer part of something. Most surfaces have a width and a length, but no depth.
Surfaces are studied in geometry.

Deadly_nightshade
Deadly nightshade or belladonna ("Atropa belladonna") is a well-known, hardy perennial shrub, a member of the nightshade family.
Originally, it grew in Europe,North Africa and Asia. It has also been seen in North America, but is far less common there. Usually it grows in the shade. The plant does not like direct sunlight. Often it grows in places where the soil is rich in limestone.
Belladonna is poisonous.
Most parts of the plant, its leaves, its berries are known to be very poisonous. Children have died from eating as little as three berries. One leaf contains enough poison to kill an adult. The root usually contans the most poison.
The poison present in the plant is called "Atropine".
Effects of the poison.
Those are the effects of "Atropine". Dilated pupils (big), hallucinations, difficulties to see (the vision may not be as sharp as always, it may be difficult to focus on some object). Problems to keep upright, feeling like one is flying, being confused.
The pulse of the victim grows faster and faster, and the rate at which the heart is beating will go up.

Webcam
A webcam is a type of camera that lets people see each other over the Internet. Most people that have webcams use them to have video conversations with an instant messenger. Often webcams are used for recording videos and video blogs.

Anger
Anger is a negative feeling which often happens when a person thinks that someone or something has done something wrong, bad or which puts them in danger, and they want to stop the risk, or punish the person for what they have done. Anger may be the brain's reaction if it thinks there may be pain - as part of the fight or flight decision (whether to attack or run away). When someone is angry, anger becomes the feeling that has the biggest effect on what they do, once a person makes the choice to do something without watiing, to stop something which they think is a threat which puts them in danger.
People show anger to others by their face, what they do with their body, not trying to understand or help other people's problems, and sometimes acts of aggression or force in public (e.g. punching a wall). Animals and humans might try to intimidate - for example they could make loud sounds, try to make their bodies look bigger, bare (show) their teeth, or stare.
Anger is a way to behave which is designed to make something showing aggression ("aggressors") stop its threatening behavior. Usually a fight will only happen after at least one of the people or animals fighting has shown anger. Most people who become angry explain that it happened as a result of "what has happened to them", though it makes the angry person less aware of themselves (and so less able to monitor or control themselves) and they tend to see the situation from their own viewpoint.
Being angry changes the human body by making the heart beat faster, increasing blood pressure (the pressure made by the blood at right angles of the walls of blood vessels) and increasing amounts of the hormones adrenaline and noradrenaline (chemicals which send messages to parts of the body to make changes).
Increased amounts of hormones and body changes.
Being angry makes the levels of the hormones adrenaline and noradrenaline in the body go up, although this does not last for very long.
Adrenaline quickly makes the body ready to act when there is important trouble by increasing the supply of oxygen and glucose (needed to make energy) to the brain and muscles, while slowing less important things the body is doing, like digesting food.
Noradrenaline is released during stress (making it a stress hormone) and goes to areas of the brain which control attention (how much and how strongly you think or concentrate) and reactions. It is very important in the when the body chooses "fight-or-flight" (attacking or running away), so it increases heart rate (speed at which the heart pumps), starting glucose being taken out of stores of energy, so it can be used, and increasing blood flow to particular muscles.

Delusion
A delusion is a false belief held by a person. If doctors talk about delusions they mean that the false belief is the result of some disease, usually a disease of the mind, like "paranoia" or "schizophrenia".
Delusions also have other properties, according to Karl Jaspers

Arctic_Circle
The Arctic Circle is one of the five major circles of latitude (imaginary lines around the Earth) that are often marked on maps of the Earth. This is the parallel of latitude that (in 2000) runs 66° 33' 39" north of the Equator.
The Arctic Circle is one way to say what part of the Earth is in the Arctic. The North Pole is in the center of the Arctic Circle.

Party_(disambiguation)
A party is a social gathering primarily for celebration and recreation.

Daffy_Duck
Daffy Duck is a cartoon character from the Warner Bros. cartoons. He stands on two legs, has a black body, a white ring about his neck, and an orange beak.

East_Timor
The Democratic Republic of East Timor or Timor Leste is a country in Southeast Asia. It is on the eastern side of the island of Timor, and also the smaller islands of Atauro and Jaco, and a small area, named Oecussi-Ambeno, inside the west side of Timor. That area is an exclave, which means it is separated from the main part of the country by part of another country. That other country is Indonesia.
The capital and largest city, Dili, is home to one hundred and fifty thousand people.
The next largest city is Baucau.
East Timor gets its name from the Malay word for "east", "timur".
It is the poorest country in the world, with a GDP (Gross Domestic Product) of 400 US dollars per person.
For a long time, a European country called Portugal controlled the East Timor and called it The Colony of Portuguese Timor. In 1975, the Portuguese army left, and East Timor was invaded (taken over) by the Indonesian army in 1975. The invasion was very violent. The army stayed there until 1999, when they gave up control of the territory with the help of the United Nations.
At the time, the United States government said it did not know Indonesia was going to invade East Timor. But secret documents, released from 2002 to 2005, show that Henry Kissinger, the Secretary of State of the United States, did know, and he told the President of Indonesia it was okay to invade.
When it got its independence on May 20, 2002, it became the first country to become independent in the twenty-first century (since the year 2000). In 2006, when Montenegro became independent, East Timor was no longer the newest one.
Since then, East Timor has not been given much attention in the news. Recently, the Colombian music artist Shakira made a song named "Timor", which talks about the country. The attention is because there has been fighting in East Timor between gangs (groups of criminals with guns), security forces (the country's army). Australia, a large nearby country, sent troops in to make peace.

Continental_shelf
The planet earth is covered with seas. In those seas there are the continents: Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, South America and Antarctica.
Every continent is put into the sea, like an island. Most of the island is above the water line, and we see it as a continent. Some of it though, is below the water line. It is like a shallow ocean. This is called the continental shelf.

Roman_Emperor
Roman Emperor is the name that is given to the rulers of the Roman Empire. Most of the time, Rome had one single ruler, but in the later years of the empire, many people called themselves emperor.

Bern_(city)
Bern is the capital city of Switzerland. It is also the capital of the canton of Bern.
As of early 2006, 127.000 people live in the city.
History.
Bern was founded in 1191 by Berchthold V. von Zähringen. A legend says that he said he would name the city after the next animal he caught. So when he caught a bear (German: "Bär") the city was named Bern. Zähringen built the city in the half-circle the river Aare makes.
Traffic.
Public streetcars and buses are run by an organisation called BernMobil. There are 3 streetcar lines and about 15 bus lines. Most of the lines are in the city but some travel away from the city. There is also the Marzilibahn, a funicular (inclined- or cliff-railway) which goes from the banks of the Aare up to the Federal Building (German: "Bundeshaus"). The Marzilibahn is 105 meters long. It is the shortest funicular in Europe. Another funicular, called the Gurtenbahn, goes from the section of Bern called Wabern, which is on the river Aare, up to the top of Gurten, a large hill 585 meters high that is just south of Bern. A small airport, Belpmoos, is located a short distane south of Bern in Belp.
Zibelemärit (onion market).
Each year, on the 4th Monday in November, there is the Onion Market in Bern, where onions are sold. Many people visit the market in the early morning and throw confetti. The also hit other people with hammers made out of plastic
Aareleuchten (glowing Aare).
Since 1996, every August 1 (a national holiday in Switzerland) they hold the Aareleuchten. The Aareleuchten is paid for by SwissAid. During the festival, people put small ships with a light in them into the river Aare. All of these small lights make the Aare "glow."

Instant_noodles
Instant noodles is a dish used in cooking. These noodles were cooked at the factory and packaged as dried noodles, often with a special powder that adds flavor to the noodles. The dish is prepared very quickly (usually 5 minutes or less), simply by putting the noodles together in hot water and then adding the powder. A kind of noodle soup is then ready to eat.
"Instant noodles" are very popular in Asia, and among many students and poorer people, because they are very cheap to produce and to buy. In the United States, a package of instant noodles sometimes costs only ten cents.

Macroeconomics
Macroeconomics studies the economic decisions of a large group of people; for example, a whole country's economy. Many governments use macroeconomics to decide how much tax to collect, and what interest rates should be.
Macroeconomics also looks at exchange rates. For example, if a country has a high exchange rate, not many people will want to buy its expensive products. So the demand will be lower, and so will the prices.

Harvard_University
Harvard University is a private university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA and a member of the Ivy League. Harvard was founded on September 8, 1636.
Seven Presidents of the United States have graduated from Harvard schools and colleges.
Harvard is located on the Charles River. Some students go to the Charles River for rowing. On the other side of the Charles River is the city of Boston. Boston's subway system, called the "T" has a stop in Harvard Square. The Harvard Business School and the Harvard Medical School are both located on the other side of the Charles River in Boston. They are not in Cambridge. Harvard College, School of Public Health, Harvard School of Dental Medicine, Harvard Graduate School of Education, Harvard Extension School, Harvard Law School and some of the other schools are all in Cambridge. Together, these schools are Harvard University.
The school color is crimson which is a dark red color.
Harvard has many libraries like Widener Library. There are other facilities like skating rinks and the Malkin Athletic Center where students can swim and exercise.
Another famous school close to Harvard in Cambridge, Massachusetts is the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
Harvard's president is Drew Gilpin Faust, Harvard's first woman president. The president before her, Lawrence Summers, was a controversial president because of his opinions and style of leadership and the way he ran things. In 2006, Mr. Summers told Harvard's students and professors that he would resign in the summer and no longer serve Harvard as president. Mr. Summers is an economist and used to be the US Secretary of the Treasury.

Gujarat
Gujarat is a state within the Republic of India. Gandhinagar is the capital of Gujarat. This city is named after Mahatma Gandhi. Its area is 75,686 sq mi (196,077 km²), including the Kori Creek of the Rann of Kachchh which is disputed by Pakistan, it is bigger than Syria but smaller than Senegal. Surat, Bharuch, Ahmedabad, Vapi, Badoda, Porbandar, Rajkot, Jamnagar are some important cities in Gujarat. Champaner, Gondal, Bhavnagar, Utelia, Zainabad, Bhuj, Sasangir are some tourist places. People in Gujarat are mainly engaged in Agriculture and business.

Orissa
Orissa is a state on the east coast of the Republic of India, an area of 60,162 sq mi (155,820 km²), it is bigger than Nepal but smaller than Tunisia.

Marathi_language
Marathi is the language spoken in Maharashtra, India. It is also Maharashtra's official language. It is at least one thousand years old and is based on Sanskrit. The written script is Devanāgarī - the same as one used to write Hindi.

Oman
The Sultanate of Oman is a country in the southwestern part of Asia, on the southeast coast of the Arabian Peninsula. It borders the United Arab Emirates in the northwest, Saudi Arabia in the west, and Yemen in the southwest. The coast is formed by the Arabian Sea in the south and east, and the Gulf of Oman in the northeast.
The country is a monarchy. The capital of the Sultanate is Muscat.

Phobos
Phobos (Greek for "fear", is the root word of "phobia") is one of the sons of Ares and Aphrodite in Greek mythology.

Instant_messaging
Instant messaging (IM) is a form of communication between two or more people based on typed text. The text is conveyed via computers connected over a network such as the Internet.
Instant messaging requires an instant messaging client that connects to an instant messaging service. Instant messaging differs from e-mail in that conversations happen in real-time. A multiprotocol instant messaging application allows one client to connect to multiple IM networks.
Instant messaging services owe many ideas to an older and still popular online chat medium named Internet Relay Chat (IRC). In early instant messaging programs, each letter appeared when it was typed, and when letters were deleted to correct typos this was also seen in real time. This made it more like a telephone conversation than exchanging letters. In modern instant messaging programs, the other party in the conversation generally only sees each line of text right after a new line is started. Most instant messaging applications also include the ability to set a status message. This is similar to the message on a telephone answering machine. It shows whether or not people are available to chat.
Benefits.
Instant messaging offers real-time communication and allows easy collaboration, which might be considered more akin to genuine conversation than email's "letter" format. In contrast to e-mail, the parties know whether the peer is available. Most systems allow the user to set an "online status" or "away message" so peers are notified when the user is available, busy, or away from the computer. On the other hand, people are not forced to reply immediately to incoming messages. For this reason, some people consider communication via instant messaging to be less intrusive than communication via phone. However, not all popular systems allow the sending of messages to people not currently logged on ("offline messages"), thus removing much of the difference between IM and email.
Instant messaging allows instantaneous communication between a number of parties simultaneously, by transmitting information quickly and efficiently, featuring immediate receipt of acknowledgment or reply. In certain cases IM involves additional features, which make it even more popular, i.e. to see the other party, e.g. by using ((web-cams)), or to talk directly for free over the internet.
It is possible to save a conversation for later reference. Instant messages typically are may be logged in a local message history which closes the gap to the persistent nature of e-mails and facilitates quick exchange of information like URLs or document snippets (which can be unwieldy when communicated via telephone).
History.
Instant messaging applications began to appear in the 1970s on multi-user operating systems like UNIX, initially to facilitate communication with other users logged in to the same machine, then on the local network, and subsequently across the Internet. Some of these used a peer-to-peer protocol (eg talk, ntalk and ytalk), while others required peers to connect to a server (see talker and IRC). Because all of these protocols were based inside a console window, most of those discovering the Internet in the mid-1990s and equating it with the web tended not to encounter them.
In the last half of the 1980s and into the early 1990s, the Quantum Link online service for Commodore 64 computers offered user-to-user messages between currently connected customers which they called "On-Line Messages" (or OLM for short). Quantum Link's better known later incarnation, America Online (AOL), offers a similar product under the name "AOL Instant Messages" (AIM). While the Quantum Link service ran on a Commodore 64, using only the Commodore's PETSCII text-graphics, the screen was visually divided up into sections and OLMs would appear as a yellow bar saying "Message From:" and the name of the sender along with the message across the top of whatever the user was already doing, and presented a list of options for responding. As such, it could be considered a sort of GUI, albeit much more primitive than the later Unix, Windows and Macintosh based GUI IM programs. OLMs were what Q-Link called "Plus Services" meaning they charged an extra per-minute fee on top of the monthly Q-Link access costs.
Modern, Internet-wide, GUI-based messaging clients, as they are known today, began to take off in the mid 1990swith ICQ (1996) being the first, followed by AOL Instant Messenger (AOL Instant Messenger, 1997). AOL later acquired Mirabilis, the creators of ICQ. A few years later ICQ (by now owned by AOL) was awarded two patents for instant messaging by the U.S. patent office. Meanwhile, other companies developed their own applications (Yahoo, MSN, Excite, Ubique, IBM), each with its own proprietary protocol and client; users therefore had to run multiple client applications if they wished to use more than one of these networks.
In 2000, an open source application and open standards-based protocol called Jabber was launched. Jabber servers could act as gateways to other IM protocols, reducing the need to run multiple clients. Modern multi-protocol clients such as Pidgin, Trillian, Adium and Miranda can use any of the popular IM protocols without the need for a server gateway.
Recently, many instant messaging services have begun to offer video conferencing features, Voice Over IP (VoIP) and web conferencing services. Web conferencing services integrate both video conferencing and instant messaging capabilities. Some newer instant messaging companies are offering desktop sharing, IP radio, and IPTV to the voice and video features.
The term "instant messenger" is a service mark of Time Warner and may not be used in software not affiliated with AOL in the United States. For this reason, the instant messaging client formerly known as Gaim or gaim announced in April 2007 that they would be renamed "Pidgin".
Cooperation.
There have been several attempts to create a unified standard for instant messaging: IETF's SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) and SIMPLE (SIP for Instant Messaging and Presence Leveraging Extensions), APEX (Application Exchange), Prim (Presence and Instant Messaging Protocol), the open XML-based XMPP (Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol), more commonly known as Jabber and OMA's (Open Mobile Alliance) IMPS (Instant Messaging and Presence Service) created specifically for mobile devices.
Most attempts at creating a unified standard for the major IM providers (AOL, Yahoo! and Microsoft) have failed and each continues to use its own proprietary protocol.
However, while discussions at IETF were stalled, Reuters head of collaboration services, David Gurle (the founder of Microsoft's Real Time Communication and Collaboration business), surprised everybody by signing the first inter-service provider connectivity agreement on September 2003. This historic agreement enabled AIM, ICQ and MSN Messenger users to talk with Reuters Messaging counterparts and vice-versa against an access fee. Following this breakthrough agreement between networks Microsoft, Yahoo! and AOL came to a deal where Microsoft's Live Communication Server 2005 (which is interestingly also used by Reuters for its Reuters Messaging service) users would also have the possibility to talk to public instant messaging users. This deal settled once for all the protocol for interconnectivity in the market as SIP/SIMPLE and established a connectivity fee for accessing public instant messaging clouds. Separately, on October 13, 2005 Microsoft and Yahoo! announced that by (the Northern Hemisphere) summer of 2006 they would interoperate using SIP/SIMPLE which is followed on December 2005 by the AOL and Google strategic partnership deal where Google Talk users would be able to talk with AIM and ICQ users provided they have an identity at AOL.
Some approaches, such as that adopted by the Sonork enterprise IM software or the Jabber/XMPP network or Winpopup LAN Messenger, allow organizations to create their own private instant messaging network by enabling them to limit access to the server (often with the IM network entirely behind their firewall) and administer user permissions. Other corporate messaging systems allow registered users to also connect from outside the corporation LAN, by using a secure firewall-friendly HTTPS based protocol. Typically, a dedicated corporate IM server has several advantages such as pre-populated contact lists, integrated authentication, and better security and privacy.
Some networks have made changes to prevent them from being utilized by such multi-network IM clients. For example, Trillian had to release several revisions and patches to allow its users to access the MSN, AOL, and Yahoo! networks, after changes were made to these networks. The major IM providers typically cite the need for formal agreements as well as security concerns as reasons for making these changes.
Mobile Instant Messaging.
Mobile Instant Messaging (MIM) is a presence enabled messaging service that aims to transpose the desktop messaging experience to the usage scenario of being on the move. While several of the core ideas of the desktop experience on one hand apply to a connected mobile device, others do not: Users usually only look at their phone's screen — presence status changes might occur under different circumstances as happens at the desktop, and several functional limits exist based on the fact that the vast majority of mobile communication devices are chosen by their users to fit into the palm of their hand.
Some of the form factor and mobility related differences need to be taken into account in order to create a really adequate, powerful and yet convenient mobile experience: radio bandwidth, memory size, availability of media formats, keypad based input, screen output, CPU performance and battery power are core issues that desktop device users and even nomadic users with connected notebooks are usually not exposed to.
Several formerly untackled issues have been identified and addressed within IMPS, which was developed as part of an early mobile telephone industry initiative to kick off a broader usage of mobile instant messaging. The Open Mobile Alliance has taken over this standard, formerly called Wireless Village, as IMPS V1.0 in November 2002. Since then this standards has been further developed to IMPS V1.3, the latest candidate for release, and is expected to be released before the end of 2006.
There are downloadable mobile applications offered by different independent developers that allow users to chat within public (MSN, Yahoo!, Google Talk, AIM, ICQ) and corporate (LCS, Sametime, Reuters) IM services from mobile devices.
Among the advantages of using such IM clients over SMS are: IM clients use data instead of SMS text messages; IM-like chat mode, faster and quicker messaging. Some IM software allows group communica tion.
Several large scale mobile telephone industry companies are planning to jointly deliver a ubiquitous, interoperable presence enabled messaging service, built according to interoperability recommendations developed in the GSM Association. Considering these organisations are jointly representing approximately 1.5 billion active Short Text Messaging (SMS) users, it remains to be seen if such an initiative may also help to drive the different industry factions to agree on a truly interoperable approach at least for Mobile Instant Messaging sometime in the not too far future.
In the meantime, other developments have proposed usage of downloadable applications with the intention to create their own approach to IM that runs on most mobile phones worldwide. Essentially, several of these clients are Java applications are instantly downloaded and then connected to back-end servers through GPRS/3G Internet Channels. Some of the implementations can connect to other IM services.
Effects on people with an auditory or speech disability.
Instant messaging opens new methods of spontaneous communication for people that have an impairment in hearing, auditory processing, or speech. It is considered by many a powerful way to allow equal opportunities in communication, without the aid of special devices or services designed for users with hearing loss.
Friend-to-friend networks.
Instant Messaging may be done in a Friend-to-friend network, in which each node connects to the friends on the friendslist. This allows to communicate to friends of friends and build chatrooms for instant messages with all friends on that network.
Business application.
Instant messaging has proven to be similar to personal computers, e-mail, and the WWW, in that its adoption for use as a business communications medium was driven primarily by individual employees using consumer software at work, rather than by formal mandate or provisioning by corporate information technology departments. Tens of millions of the consumer IM accounts in use are being used for business purposes by employees of companies and other organizations.
In response to the demand for business-grade IM and the need to ensure security and legal compliance, a new type of instant messaging, called "Enterprise Instant Messaging" ("EIM") was created when Lotus Software launched Lotus Sametime in 1999. Microsoft followed suit shortly thereafter with Microsoft Exchange Instant Messaging, and later created a new platform called Microsoft Office Live Communications Server. Since then, both IBM Lotus and Microsoft have introduced federation between their EIM systems and some of the public IM networks thus employees may use a single interface to both their internal EIM system and their buddies on AOL, MSN, and Yahoo!. Current leading EIM platforms include IBM Lotus Sametime, Microsoft Office Live Communications Server, and.
The adoption of IM across corporate networks outside of the control of IT organizations creates many risks and liabilities for companies who do not effectively manage and support IM use. Companies implement specialized IM archiving and security products and services like those from Secure Computing, Akonix, Surfcontrol, and ScanSafe to mitigate these risks and provide safe, secure, productive instant messaging capabilities to their employees.
Risks and liabilities.
Hackers' use of instant messaging networks to deliver malicious code has grown consistently from 2004 to the present, with the number of discrete attacks listed by the IM Security Center having grown 15% from 347 attacks in 2005 to 406 in 2006. Hackers use two methods of delivering malicious code through IM: delivery of virus, trojan, or spyware within an infected file, and the use of "socially engineered" text with a web address that entices the recipient to click on a URL that connects him or her to a website that then downloads malicious code. Viruses, worms, and trojans typically propagate by sending themselves rapidly through the infected user's buddy list. An effective attack using a "poison URL" may reach tens of thousands of people in minutes when each person's buddy list receives messages appearing to be from a trusted friend. The recipients click on the web address, and the entire cycle starts again. Infections may range from nuisance to criminal, and are becoming more sophisticated each year.
In addition to the malicious code threat, the use of instant messaging at work also creates a risk of non-compliance to laws and regulations governing the use of electronic communications in businesses. In the United States alone there are over 10,000 laws and regulations related to electronic messaging and records retention. The more well-known of these include the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, HIPAA, and SEC 17a-3. Recent changes to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, effective December 1, 2006, create a new category for electronic records which may be requested during discovery (law) in legal proceedings. Most countries around the world also regulate the use of electronic messaging and electronic records retention in similar fashion to the United States. The most common regulations related to IM at work involve the need to produce archived business communications to satisfy government or judicial requests under law. Many instant messaging communications fall into the category of business communications that must be archived and retrievable.
Organizations of all types must protect themselves from the liability of their employees' inappropriate use of IM. The informal, immediate, and ostensibly anonymous nature of instant messaging makes it a candidate for abuse in the workplace. The topic of inappropriate IM use became front page news in October 2006 when Congressman Mark Foley resigned his seat after admitting sending offensive instant messages of a sexual nature to underage former House pages from his Congressional office PC. The Mark Foley Scandal led to media coverage and mainstream newspaper articles warning of the risks of inappropriate IM use in workplaces. In most countries, corporations have a legal responsibility to ensure harassment-free work environment for employees. The use of corporate-owned computers, networks, and software to harass an individual or spread inappropriate jokes or language creates a liability for not only the offender but also the employer. A survey by IM archiving and security provider Akonix Systems, Inc. in March 2007 showed that 31% of respondents had been harassed over IM at work. Companies now include instant messaging as an integral component of their policies on appropriate use of the World Wide Web, email, and other corporate assets.
Security and archiving.
In the early 2000s, a new class of IT security provider emerged to provide remedies for the risks and liabilities faced by corporations who chose to use IM for business communications. The IM security providers created new products to be installed in corporate networks for the purpose of archiving, content-scanning, and security-scanning IM traffic moving in and out of the corporation. Similar to the e-mail filtering vendors, the IM security providers focus on the risks and liabilities described above.
With rapid adoption of IM in the workplace, demand for IM security products began to grow in the mid-2000s. By 2007, the preferred platform for the purchase of security software had become the "appliance", according to IDC, who estimate that by 2008, 80% of network security products will be delivered via an appliance.

Cretaceous
The Cretaceous period is one of the periods of the geological time scale. It reaches from the Jurassic period, of 146 million years ago to the Cenozoic era, of 65.5 million years ago. It is the time when all the dinousaurs died and the mammals began to rule the world.

Root
The roots of a plant is the part that is buried in the soil.
Plants need their roots especially for three reasons: The roots take water and nutrients, a sort of food, from the soil. They also often store this food. And they fix the plants to the ground.
Some roots go very deep into the ground. One root that was found in Arizona, USA, was 60 m below the surface.
Roots are also very strong. Some tree roots can destroy stones.Roots are not green because the cells have no clorophyll.

Public_finance
Public finance is the study of how the government raises funds and spends its money, and their economic effect.

Thiruvananthapuram
Thiruvananthapuram (Malayalam: തിരുവനന്തപുരം), is the capital city of the Indian state of Kerala. The city used to be known by the name of Trivandrum'". It is located on the west coast of India near the far south of the mainland.
With 889,191 people as of 2001, it is the biggest city in Kerala in terms of size and number of people.
The city is the state capital and houses many national and state government offices, organizations and companies. It is also a major center of learning and is home to several schools and colleges including Kerala University, and to many scientific institutions, the most prominent being the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC), Sree Chitra Tirunal Instiute for Medical Sciences and Technology (SCTIMST), Technopark, Rajiv Gandhi Centre for Biotechnology (RGCB) and Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology (IIST).
Origin of name.
Thiruvananthapuram literally means "City of Lord Anantha" in Malayalam. The name derives from the god of the Hindu temple at the centre of the city. Anantha is the serpent Shesha on whom Padmanabhan or Vishnu lies. The temple of Vishnu lying on Anantha, the Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple is the most recognizable landmark of the city. The city was officially known as "Trivandrum" in English until 1991, when the government decided to change the city's name back to the original name, Thiruvananthapuram, in all languages. However, the city is still widely referred to as "Trivandrum".
Origin of name.
Thiruvananthapuram literally means Thiru (Great/Lord) Ananthan's Puram (City). The name derives from the main god of a Hindu temple at the centre of the city. Ananthan is the serpent Shesha on whom Padmanabhan or Vishnu reclines. The temple of Anantha, the Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple is the most recognizable place in the city.
The city was officially known as "Trivandrum" until 1991. Trivandrum is the English form of Thiruvananthapuram. The name is still in common use and most non-Keralites prefer to use Trivandrum.
Infrastructure.
The city is fully electrified by the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB). The district is divided in to three circles: Transmission circle, Thiruvananthapuram city and Kattakkada. Domestic users account for 43% of the total power usage, or 90 million units per month. Thiruvananthapuram district has one 220 kV, nine 110 kV and six 66 kV electrical substations. A 400 kV substation has just been commissioned by the Power Grid Corporation and will ensure high-quality power supply to the city.
The water supply schemes cover 100% within the city limits. It is 84% of the urban and 69% of the rural population, when the district is considered. Peppara and Aruvikkara dams are the main sources of water for distribution in the capital city. The new project plan for improving the water supply with Japan aid covers Thiruvananthapuram city and six suburban panchayats having urban characteristics.
The sewerage system in the city was implemented at the time of the Travancore Kingdom, and modernised in 1938. This scheme for the disposal of sullage and sewage is an underground system. The whole system is controlled by Kerala Water Authority now. The city area is divided in to seven blocks for the execution of the sewerage system, two commissioned in the 1990s and two after 2000. The sewerage is pumped to a stilling chamber at the Sewerage Treatment Plant (STP) located at Valiyathura, and is disposed through sewage farming. Diary Development Department maintains this sewage farm and fodder cultivation is done here. There is no revenue generation from this scheme, and the sewerage system in the city is a service provided to the residents.
Strategic Importance.
Apart from being the capital of India’s most literate and socially developed state, Thiruvananthapuram is a strategically important city in Southern India. Being the largest city in India’s deep south, it is important for both military logistics and civil aviation in the southern part of the country. It is the headquarters of the "Southern Air Command(SAC)" of the Indian Air Force. The city is very close to the international shipping route and East-West shipping axis. Also, it falls under the international air route.
Due to the strategic importance of the city, the Indian Air Force authorities have planned to make an aerospace command in SAC.
The plan for setting up a new "Tri-Service Command", which will integrate all the three forces under a single command, is also in the pipeline.
Being the Indian city with the closest air link to the small island-country of Maldives and also Sri Lanka, the city’s medical and health infrastructure caters to patients from both countries, especially Maldives. Exports of perishables and medicines from Trivandrum International Airport run to full capacity on everyday flights to Maldives and Sri Lanka because of this nearness. Thiruvananthapuram also provides a key link in movement of goods and passengers to and from southern Tamilnadu into Kerala, the state border being just 30 km away. The city is also important for people from around the world seeking help through Ayurveda medicine and therapy. Ayurveda resorts are coming up at a rapid pace along the International Beach of Kovalam and Varkala coast.

Soy_sauce
Soy sauce (US) or soya sauce is a fermented sauce made from soy beans (soya beans), roasted grain, water and salt. It is commonly used in Asian cuisine and appears in some Western cuisine dishes, especially as an ingredient in Worcestershire sauce. Real soy sauces are fermented with "kōji" (麹, the mold "Aspergillus oryzae" or "A. sojae") and other related microorganisms.
Almost all soy sauce has some alcohol added during bottling. This acts as a preservative to protect it from going bad. For this reason, soy sauce should always be kept in the fridge. It should also not be put in direct light. An opened bottle of soy sauce that has been left unrefrigerated could become slightly bitter.
Although there are many types of soy sauce, all are salty and earthy-tasting brownish liquids used to season food while cooking or at the table. What some westerners can only describe as a flavorful, kind of sweet taste is a distinct basic taste called "umami" by the Japanese and "xian-wei" (鲜味, "lit." fresh taste) by the Chinese.
Although this seasoning was first used in China, it is used several cuisines across Asia and is a particularly important flavoring in Japanese cuisine. However, Chinese and Japanese soy sauces are different, and it is not really possible to use one instead of another.

Kebab
Kebab (kebap in Turkish, kabab in Iran, India and Pakistan, also spelled kebob, kabob) means "grilled (or broiled) meat" in Persian and Turkish. Kebab is usually made of lamb and beef. Sometimes chicken and fish are used for some styles. Pork is never used by Muslims but is sometimes used by non-Muslim sellers. Muslims are not allowed to eat pork, for religious reasons.
There are many varieties of kebab and the term means different things in different countries. The generic term kebab usually refers to doner kebab or "döner kebap" in Europe and to shish kebab in the United States, though its meaning can vary.
Perhaps the earliest recipe is in the tenth-century Kitab al-Tabeekh كتاب الطبيخ (book of cookery) by Ibn Sayyar al-Warraq of Baghdad. His recipe for "Kebab Khalis" uses thin slices of lean meat, salted and grilled in an ungreased frying pan.

Al_Ain
Al Ain (Arabic: العين) is a city in the United Arab Emirates. The city name literally means "the spring" or "the eye" in Arabic. This name come from the water sources in the area. The city is in the emirate of Abu Dhabi, right next to the border with Oman. It is often called the 'Garden City of the Persian Gulf' because of the many parks, tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts within the city. Al Ain, Abu Dhabi and Dubai form a kind of geographic triangle in the center of the country. Each city is around 150 kilometers from the other two.
Al Ain is the fourth largest metropolitan area by population in the Emirates, with a population of 348,000 (2003 census estimate). There are more Emirati nationals in Al Ain than other places in the country, but most who live there are people who left other countries, particularly from the Indian sub-continent. There are fewer Western people than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai. This gives Al Ain a more 'Arabic' look and feel, compared to the larger cities of the Emirates.
The area has been lived in for more than 4000 years, and Al Ain is central to the cultural heritage of the country. There are many underground water springs in the area. This explains why people wanted to live there. Traces of its past remain, including camel racing and breeding. The ancient "falaj" system of irrigation is still in use in some areas. The system brings underground water to people by a network of tunnels that come out into open channels. The flow of water in the channels can be controlled.
Al Ain is becoming a place that tourists visit, with attractions such as Jebel Hafeet, a 1340 metre high mountain that dominates the surrounding area. Many tourists like to visit the mineral springs at the base and drive to the top of this mountain for sunset. Al Ain regularly records the highest summer temperatures in the country, but the dry desert air makes it a welcome escape from the coastal humidity of the larger cities. Other attractions include the Al Ain Oasis in the city centre, and other oases around the area, cool places to escape the summer heat, a zoo, amusement park named "Fun City", many well kept parks, popular with families in the summer evenings, a heritage village, as well as malls and other modern sites. Important buildings include United Arab Emirates University, Higher Colleges of Technology, well-equipped medical facilities, including the teaching hospital at Tawam, military training areas and Al Ain International Airport.
The city is home to the successful association football (soccer) club, Al Ain FC.

Swan
A swan ("Cygnini") is a kind of water bird, from the genera Cygnus and Coscoroba. They are in the subfamily "Anserinae", in the family "Anatidae", which also includes geese and ducks.
They swim on top of the water and eat plants off the bottom of ponds, lakes, or oceans. They also eat insects and other small animals. Swans can also fly.
A baby swan is called a "cygnet". The name of the constellation "Cygnus" is from the Latin word for swan.

Boiling_point
The boiling point of a substance is the temperature at which the substance boils, or enters a state of rapid evaporation. For water this is 100° Celsius or 212° Fahrenheit.
where ΔTB.P. = change in boiling point,
Kb = a constant (this is.56 for water), and
"m" = molality of the solute.
The boiling point of a liquid also depends on the pressure of the surrounding air. An increase in air pressure increases the boiling point; a decrease decreases the boiling point. In the low pressure environment at the top of Mt Everest for example, water boils at only 69 °C. (156.2 °F).

Akrotiri_and_Dhekelia
Akrotiri and Dhekelia are two areas on the island of Cyprus that are used as military bases of the United Kingdom. The bases were kept by the UK after Cyprus changed from being a colony in the British Empire, to being an independent republic. The United Kingdom kept them because of the important location of Cyprus in the Mediterranean Sea.

Computability_theory
Computability theory is part of computer science. Scientists want to know what can be computed, and what can not.
There is a model of a computer that is used for this. It is called the Turing machine. A Turing machine basically is a special typewriter with an endless ribbon. The machine is named after the mathematician Alan Turing.
A problem is "computable" if it can be expressed in such a way that a Turing machine can solve it.
One of the best known examples is the Halting problem. The task is to write a program which says for all programs whether they will finally stop. This is impossible to decide. Mathematicians say the problem is undecidable.

Great_Depression
The Great Depression was a time when the economy in the United States and throughout the world was extremely bad. It began with the Wall Street Crash of 1929. The prices on the Wall Street stock market fell a lot from October 24 to October 29, 1929. Many people lost their jobs. They became homeless and poor. This ended the wealth of the Roaring Twenties. The day that is said to have started the Great Depression is called Black Tuesday.
When the Great Depression started, Herbert Hoover was the president of the United States. People voted for a new president in 1932. His name was Franklin D. Roosevelt. Roosevelt got the government to pass many new laws and programs to help people who were hurt by the Great Depression. These programs were called the New Deal. One of these programs was the Civilian Conservation Corps or CCC. The CCC put many young men to work in the outdoors. The men were paid 1 dollar a week to work, and they got free food and shelter. Another one of these programs was called Social Security. Social Security gave old people a small income so they had money for things they needed.
Between 1939 and 1944, more people had jobs again because of World War II, and the Great Depression came to an end.

Broadway
Broadway is a major street in New York City, USA. It is a center of entertainment and is famous for its many stage plays.

Republic_of_Macedonia
Republic of Macedonia (Macedonian: "Република Македонија") is an independent state on the Balkan peninsula in southeastern Europe. The country borders Serbia to the north, Albania to the west, Greece to the south, and Bulgaria to the east. The country's currency is the Macedonian Denar (MKD).
Greece and the Republic of Macedonia are arguing over the name Macedonia. United Nations calls the Republic of Macedonia, "The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia" (FYROM). The north and northeast part of Greece has been called Macedonia for ages, just like the southeast county of England Kent has been called Kent for a long time. 'FYROM' is also used by the United Nations and NATO as well as many other international organisations. But, many countries now call the country 'Republic of Macedonia'. The United Kingdom, for example, uses Republic of Macedonia in the diplomatic list.
The capital is Skopje, with more than 500,000 residents. It has many smaller cities. Some important ones are Bitola, Prilep, Tetovo, Kumanovo, Ohrid, Veles, Stip, and Strumica.
The Republic of Macedonia is often called "a land of lakes and mountains". There are more than 50 large lakes and sixteen mountains higher than 2000 meters above sea level.
The country is a member of the United Nations and the World Trade Organization (WTO). Since December 2005, it is a candidate for joining the European Union. The Republic of Macedonia is also a partner and candidate member of NATO.
History.
What is now Macedonia used to be a state called Socialist Republic of Macedonia in the southern part of the country of Yugoslavia. When that country broke up in 1991, Macedonia became independent.
Over time the territory which today is the Republic of Macedonia was ruled by a many different states and former empire.
Politics.
Republic of Macedonia is a democratic country with a parliament.

Nayarit
Nayarit is a middle sized Mexican state which is located in the West coast of Mexico (in the Pacific Ocean shore).
Native people from Nayarit are called Nayaritas (singular: Nayarita).

Bottrop
Bottrop is a city in west central Germany, on the Rhine-Herne Canal, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia (Nordrhein-Westfalen). Bottrop is in the Ruhr industrial area, It is next to Essen, Oberhausen, Gladbeck and Dorsten. The city had been a coal-mining and rail center. There are factories producing coal-tar derivatives, chemicals, textiles, and machinery. The population is currently 119,655. Bottrop grew as a mining center beginning in the 1860s and was chartered as a city in 1921. In 1975 it was put together with the unification with the neighbour communities of Gladbeck and Kirchhellen, but Gladbeck left in 1976.
History.
The place is first mentioned in 1150, as "Borthorpe". This name means "village on the hillside". In the year 1423, the place is awarded the status of a market town. In 1786 the first cotton mill opens. Coal mining starts in 1856. The city gets town privileges in 1919. In 1953, the population passed 100.000 people for the first time.

Ketchup
Ketchup is a kind of thick, liquid sauce. It is made from tomatoes, so it is sometimes called tomato sauce. Usually it is used to add flavour to food. Some people like to eat sausages, burgers, hotdogs or fishsticks with ketchup. Ketchup tastes very unlike the real tomato.

Otherkin
Otherkin are people who believe that part of them is not human inside. They say that, inside their heads, they feel more like another animal than a human. That other animal might be real, like a wolf, or it might be fictional, like a dragon or an alien. Some otherkin say that they are vampires, by which they mean that they need to drink blood or take the energy away from people in order to stay healthy.
Otherkin is a neologism—a new word—and it is usually used only by people who say they "are" otherkin. The definition can change depending on who uses the word. Some otherkin say that their souls or minds are not human, that they were another species in a past life, or that being not-human is part of their religion. (Otherkin practice many different religions, however.) A few of them say that their physical bodies are not human, either, but there is no proof either for or against that.

Blasphemy
Blasphemy is a word that means "speaking badly about a religion", or "insulting a god". In many countries, blasphemy is a crime

Chandigarh
Chandigarh, also called "The Beautiful City", is a city in India. It is the capital of two states: Punjab and Haryana. However, it does not belong to either state. It is well known for its mixed cultural background and its fast development in the field of Information Technology. It has outlets of many famous multinational companies established here and is emerging as a hub for business development. The territory covers an area of 44 sq mi or 114 km², it is bigger than Montserrat but smaller than Jersey.

Deuterocanonical_books
Most Protestant Christian religions call the deuterocanonical books "the Apocrypha".

Toxic_waste
Toxic waste is any sort of waste that is harmful to people, plants, or animals, but usually it is said about waste that hurts people. Toxic wastes are usually liquid chemicals. They are made as by-products of making other things, usually by manufacturing but sometimes they are chemicals used for farming.

Bucharest
Bucharest is the capital city of the country of Romania. It is the largest city in the country. The city has a population of 2.3 million people.

Urbain_Grandier
Urbain Grandier (born 1590 in Bouère, Mayenne, France; died April 18,1634 in Loudun, France) was a free-thinking cleric. A satirical publication against Richelieu was attributed to him. After this, Pierre-Martin de Laubardement, a statesman was charged to lead the process against Grandier in 1633. He was charged of having bewitched the ursuline nuns of Loudun. They became obsessed by him. His friend, Claude Quillet agreed to defend him in court, but without success.
He was condemned to burn at the stake as a witch in 1634.

Clergy
Clergy are people who have an office in a Christian church or other religion.Clergy would also give the king advice on war.

Capillary
A capillary is a single celled blood vessel. It does not have the muscular/elastic tissue of other blood vessels. It has a single celled wall to help substances be transported through organisms.
Capillaries are small, and smaller than any other blood vessels. They are about 5-10 μms big, which connect arterioles and venules, and enable the moving of water, oxygen, carbon dioxide, and many other nutrient and waste chemical stuff between blood and surrounding tissues.
Anatomy.
Blood moves from the heart to arteries, which branch and narrow into smaller arteries, and then branch more into capillaries. After oxygen has been moved to the tissue, capillaries join and widen to become small veins and then widen more to become veins, which return blood to the heart.
The "capillary bed" is the network of capillaries supplying an organ. The more metabolically active the cells, the more capillaries it will require to supply nutrients and carry away waste products.
Special arteries connect between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the the flow of blood through the capillaries. True capillaries come from mainly from metarterioles and provide movement between cells and the circulation. The width of 8 μm forces the red blood cells to partly fold into bullet-like shapes in order to bypass them in single file.
Precapillary muscles are rings of smooth muscles at the start of true capillaries that handle blood flow into true capillaries and control blood flow through a body part or area.
Physiology.
The capillary wall is a one-layer tissue so thin that gas and and other items such as oxygen, water, proteins and fats can pass through them driven by osmotic|pressure differences. Waste items such as carbon dioxide and urea can move back into the blood to be carried away for removal from the body.
The capillary bed usually moves no more than 25% of the amount of blood it could contain, although this amount can be increased through auto regulation by making the smooth muscle relax in the arterioles that lead to the capillary bed as well as metarterioles making themselves smaller.
The capillaries do not have this smooth muscle in their own wall, and so any change in their width is passive. Any signaling molecules they release (such as endothelin for constriction and nitric oxide for dilation) act on the smooth muscle cells in the walls of nearby, larger vessels, e.g. arterioles.
Capillary's ability to move items can be increased by the release of certain cytokines, such as in an the body defending itself form germs.

Sled_dog
Sled dogs, known also as sleigh dogs, sledge dogs or sleddogs are types of dogs that are used to pull a wheel-less vehicle on runners (a sled or sleigh) over snow or ice, by means of harnesses and lines. The origins of this arrangement are unknown.
A ten-dog team of Seppala Siberian Sleddogs in tandem hitch on a frozen Yukon lake (Photo by Isa Boucher)Several distinct dog breeds are in common use as sled dogs, although any medium-sized breed may be used to pull a sled. Purebred sled dog breeds range from the well-known Siberian Husky and Alaskan Malamute to rarer breeds such as the Mackenzie River Husky. Dog drivers, however, have a long history of using other breeds or crossbreds as sled dogs. In the days of the Gold Rush in The Yukon, mongrel teams were the rule, but there were also teams of Foxhounds and Staghounds. Today the unregistered hybridized Alaskan husky is preferred for dogsled racing, along with a variety of crossbreds, the German Shorthaired Pointer often being chosen as the basis for crossbreeding. From 1988 through 1991, a team of Standard Poodles competed in the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race
Sled dogs are expected to demonstrate two major qualities in their work (apart from basic physical capability to pull the sled). Endurance is needed to travel the distances demanded in dogsled travel, which may be anything from five to eighty miles (8 to 130 km) or more a day. Speed is needed to travel the distance in a reasonable length of time. Racing sled dogs will travel up to an average twenty miles per hour (32.2 km/h) over distances up to 25 miles (40 km). Over longer distances, average traveling speed declines to 10 to 14 miles per hour (16 to 22 km/h). In poor trail conditions, sleddogs can still usually average 6 or 7 miles per hour (10 or 11 km/h). Sled dogs have been known to travel over 90 miles in a 24 hour period while pulling 85 pounds each.
Royal Canadian Mounted Police (R.C.M.P.) hitching sled dogs into their harnessSleddogs pull various sorts of sleds, from the small 25 pound (11 kg) sprint-racing sleds, through the larger plastic-bottomed distance racing toboggan sleds, to traditional ash freighting sleds and the trapper's high-fronted narrow toboggan. Sled dogs are also used to pull skiers and to draw wheeled rigs when there is no snow. A team of sled dogs may consist of anywhere from three to two dozen animals. Modern teams are usually hitched in tandem, with harnessed pairs of sled dogs pulling on tug lines attached to a central gangline. Trappers in deep snow conditions using the toboggan will hitch their dogs in single file with traces on either side of the line of dogs. Dog teams of some Arctic natives are run in "fan hitch", each dog having its own tow line tied directly to the sled.
Driving sled dogs has become a popular winter recreation and sport in North America and Europe; sled dogs are now found even in such unlikely places as Australia and Patagonia.
-- History of Sled Dogs (Great Race of Mercy) --
During the 1925 serum run to Nome, also known as the "Great Race of Mercy", 20 mushers and about 150 sled dogs relayed diphtheria antitoxin 674 miles (1,085 km) by dog sled across the U.S. territory of Alaska in a record-breaking five and a half days, saving the small city of Nome and the surrounding communities from an incipient epidemic. Both the mushers and their dogs were portrayed as heroes in the newly popular medium of radio, and received headline coverage in newspapers across the United States. Balto, the lead sled dog on the final stretch into Nome, became the most famous canine celebrity of the era after Rin Tin Tin, and his statue is still one of the most popular tourist attractions in New York City's Central Park. The publicity also helped spur an inoculation campaign in the U.S. that dramatically reduced the threat of the disease.
The sled dog was the primary means of transportation and communication in sub-arctic communities around the world, and the race became both the last great hurrah and the most famous event in the history of mushing, before first aircraft in the 1930s and then the snowmobile in the 1960s drove the dog sled almost into extinction. The resurgence of recreational mushing in Alaska since the 1970s is a direct result of the tremendous popularity of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race, which honors the history of dog mushing with many traditions that commemorate the serum run.

Coat_of_arms
A coat of arms is a design painted on a shield. These designs are usually hereditary, meaning that they pass from a father to his son(s). In the middle ages, these designs were shown on real shields, but today they are usually only drawn or painted on the paper that makes them legal which is called a grant of arms. The grant of arms is usually allowed only when issued by the government of a country or its agent. In England, this is called the College of Arms and in Scotland is called the Lord Lyon.
Coats of arms are normally issued for real people but lots of people, countries and businesses also have coats of arms. Each symbol on the coat of arms will represent something that has an important meaning to that person, country or company.

University_of_Alabama
The University of Alabama is a university in the U.S. state of Alabama. The University of Alabama is in the city of Tuscaloosa. People can usually just say "Alabama" or "UA" for short when they are talking about the University.
UA opened in 1831 and now about 20,000 students go there. UA is one of the three largest universities in Alabama. Auburn University and University of Alabama at Birmingham are the other two main schools in Alabama. You can study many things at UA, such as liberal arts, science, engineering, communication, engineering, education, social work, nursing, human sciences (such as fashion design) and law. People study to get Bachelor's degrees, Master's degrees and doctorates at Alabama. Also, graduates can get an Education Specialist degree.
Many people have heard about the University of Alabama because it has many good sports teams. These sports teams are called the Crimson Tide. The football team from UA has won the national football championship 12 times in the past 83 years.

Outback
The name outback describes the remote areas of Australia. The outback does not officially exist, it is only a term used to refer to locations that are far away from big cities.
The fertile parts are known as Rangelands and have been traditionally used for sheep or cattle farming.
Agriculture, tourism and mining are the main economic activities in this vast and sparsely settled area.
Population.
Over 90% of the Australian population lives in urban areas on the coast. There have been various attempts at creating settlements for Australian Aborigines to live traditionally, with more or less success.
Medicine in the outback.
Because of the expanses and remoteness in the outback a unique service, The Flying Doctor, was created in 1928. The aim of the service is to provide medical care to people who can’t reach hospitals or other doctors. Consultations are carried out via radio or telephone and for serious situations, doctors are flown out to the patients.
Tourism.
Organised travels with a guide to the outback is popular, although some Australian and international tourists travel in their own cars. Such a trip, especially off the few big roads in the outback, requires very good planning and a suitable vehicle (usually four wheel drive). On remote routes considerable supplies and equipment are required. Some big trips can’t be undertaken safely without a convoy of several vehicles. Deaths of tourists are a regular occurrences because many people are not well-prepared for their outback trip.

Ian_Fleming
Iam Fleming was a British author best known for writing the James Bond stories.
He also wrote the book Chitty Chitty Bang Bang in 1964

Old_Trafford
Old Trafford is a football stadium in Manchester in England. It is home to the club Manchester United F.C. It is the biggest club stadium in Great Britain and second biggest stadium in Great Britain, with Wembley Stadium being the biggest. Old Trafford hosted most of England's home matches while Wembley was being built.

Bhagavad_Gita
The Bhagavad Gita is a holy book of Hinduism. It was written thousands of years ago. It has teachings said to be given by Krishna (an incarnation whom many Hindus believe to be the god Vishnu in human form.) In the book, Krishna is talking to Arjuna, an archer, before a war begins. Krishna tells Arjuna that he must perform his duty (called dharma) for his caste, and go to fight. Arjuna hesitates because he is fighting his friends, but in the end he listens to Krishna. He will not be led into the underworld for ever for his sins because he will now be reincarnated.

Blue's_Clues
"Blue's Clues" is a television series for young children that airs on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block. On the show, Blue is a blue dog. Her owner was Steve, until 2002, when Steve went off to college. Now Steve's younger brother, Joe, owns her.

Video
Video is a technology. It is used to record moving images onto some medium. This is done either using a Video recorder (also called a VCR) or a video camera. The medium is usually packaged as a cassette.
A popular video format was the VHS. It was used by many people to record television programmes onto cassettes. This is usually an analog format.
By extension, a Video clip is a short film, usually starring some artist who recorded an (audio) album. to promote the album, video clips are produced.

Awake
Animals are awake for some hours each day or night. They are awake when they do not sleep. When they change from being "asleep" to being awake, it is said that they wake up, or awaken.
Animals which are awake during the day are called "diurnal". Animals which are awake during the night are called "nocturnal".
Diurnal animals, including humans, wake up in the morning, and are awake during the day. During the day they eat and move about. People may work or go to school during the day.
At night, people usually sleep. They go to sleep in a bed, or a similar place, and dream. Sometimes they cannot remember their dreams, but sometimes they remember their dreams. Sometimes they dream about the opposite sex and have what is known as a wet dream.

Wavelength
A wavelength is the length of the shortest repeating part of a "sine wave". All waves can be formed by adding up sine waves. That is, every wave is a sum of sine waves.
Examples of Waves.
All of these waves are sums of sine waves.
"Length" of a Sine Wave.
The sine wave has a pattern that repeats. The length of this repeating piece of the sine wave is called the wavelength. The wavelength can be found by measuring the length or distance between one peak of a sine wave and the next peak. The wavelength can be found in many other ways too.
There are other properties of waves and sine waves, such as their frequency, amplitude, phase, and speed.
A symbol used for wavelength most often is the Greek letter "lambda" (λ).

Tuva
Tuva is part of Russia. It is in south Siberia. It used to be part of the province of Mongolia in the Chinese Qing Dynasty.
Tuvans are famous for their throat singing.

Mary_(mother_of_Jesus)
In Christianity, Mary (Judeo-Aramaic מרים Maryām "Bitter"; Arabic مريم (Maryam); Septuagint Greek Μαριαμ, Mariam, Μαρια, Maria; Syriac: Mart Maryam) was the mother of Jesus. Her story is told in the New Testament of the Bible.
Mary in the Bible.
Christian beliefs about Mary are based on the Bible. In the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke, it says that Mary was a young woman who was engaged to be married to a man called Joseph. The Gospel of Luke says that an angel came to Mary to tell her that she would give birth to a Son and she should call him Jesus and that he would save people from their sins.
Mary said "How can this happen? I am a virgin!"
The angel said "With God, anything can happen!"
When Joseph found out that Mary was pregnant, he thought about what he should do. If he married her, he would be unclean. He decided to privately break the engagement. But then he had a dream. An angel told him that the baby was "the Son of God".
At this time, the Roman Emperor, Caesar Augustus, made a law that everyone in the Roman Empire must pay tax. Everyone had to go back to the town that their family came from, to have their name put on the tax lists. Joseph came from Bethlehem, which was called "The City of David". Joseph took Mary to Bethlehem and she gave birth to the baby, Jesus, in an animal shed, because there was no room for them.
The Bible tells that thirty-three years later Jesus was killed by crucifixion. Although many of Jesus' friends were frightened and ran away, Mary stood by the cross and was with Jesus when he died. As he was dying, he asked a young disciple to care for Mary as if she was his own Mother, and the disciple took her back to his home. On the third day, as it says in the Bible, Mary went with other women to the grave where Jesus had been laid, to wash his body with oil. An angel told the women that Jesus was not there. The angel said "He is risen."
Giving honour to Mary.
Mary is given honour in the Christian faith, particularly in the Roman Catholic Church as "the Mother of God" and Eastern Orthodox Church as "God bearer". (Jesus is believed to be God and man.) Mary is also given honour by Muslims because the Quran says that she was a virgin when she gave birth to her son, Jesus, who is given honour by Muslims as a great prophet.
Mary is often called by Roman Catholics the "Blessed Virgin Mary". There are many feast days which honour the Virgin Mary, such as the "Nativity of the Blessed Virgin" on 8 September which remembers her birth.
The Virgin Mary is often shown in Christian art. Many paintings show Mary with the baby Jesus. These paintings are known as Madonna and Child pictures.
Mary is often honoured with the words "Hail Mary, you are full of God's Grace! Blessed are you above other women and blessed is the child from your womb, Jesus!"
Some Protestants believe Roman Catholics give Mary too much honour.

Oil_lamp
An oil lamp is a lamp used for lighting. Usually, it produces a flame by burning olive oil, or other vegetable oil. The designs were usually made of potterry or metallic lamps. This design might remind someone that by cleaning (rubbing the lamp) a Genie might appear, and grant some wishes (as he did in the tale of Aladdin in the 1001 Nights)
Today, those lamps have mostly been replaced by kerosene lamps.
You can also try oilve oil canola oil and others.

International_Atomic_Energy_Agency
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is a spin-off organisation from the United Nations. It was created as an autonomous (self-governing) organization on July 29, 1957. The organisation wants to monitor and promote the peaceful use of nuclear energy. It also wants to prevent the use of this energy to build nuclear weapons.
The organization and its Director General, Mohamed ElBaradei, were both awarded the Nobel Peace Prize on 7 October 2005. This was done for their role when they tried to prevent the invasion of Iraq by a US-led coalition of troops.
The IAEA has its headquarters in Vienna, Austria. Additional facilities are located in Seibersdorf (near Vienna), Monaco, Toronto, and Tokyo.

Antigen
When an antigen is introduced into the body it causes the production of antibodies. Antigens can include bacteria, cells of transplanted organs, and toxins.

Great_Barrier_Reef
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef. It is located close to the coast of Queensland, Australia. It is 2,300 km long. It is made up of nearly 3000 coral reefs and over 600 islands. It has been listed an important World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The Great Barrier Reef is the largest structure made by living things. It can be seen from outer space.
Captain Cook.
James Cook discovered the reef on 11 June 1770. His ship the Endeavour crashed into the reef. The coral ripped a large hole in the bottom of his ship. Cook and the crew were able to keep the ship from sinking. They were able to get the ship onto a beach at what is now called Cooktown. His crew took 7 weeks to repair the ship and continue the voyage.
Geology.
The Reef Research Centre has found the remains of coral that are half a million years old. Corals have been growing in the region for as long as 25 million years. The corals have not always formed coral reefs.
It is difficult to work out the age of the Great Barrier Reef. This is because of the way a reef can grow and shrink as the sea level changes. A coral reef can grow in diameter, that is how wide they are, from 1 to 2 cm per year. They can also grow upwards from 1 to 15 cm per year. Coral can't grow if the water is too deep (150 metres or more) because it needs light from the sun. They cannot grow out of the water (above sea level).
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority and Australian Institute of Marine Science say the current, living reef started growing about 20,000 years ago. It started to grow on an older reef. This makes the beginning of the reef during the Last Glacial Maximum. At that time, the sea level was 120 metres lower than it is today. The land that forms the bottom of the Great Barrier Reef was a coastal plain. The plain had some large hills. Some of these hills were parts of older reefs.
From 20,000 years ago until 6,000 years the sea level began to rise. As it rose, the corals could grow higher on the hills of the coastal plain. By 13,000 years ago the sea level was 60 metres lower than the present day. Corals began to grow around the hills of the coastal plain. These became continental islands. As the sea level rose higher, most of these continental islands were covered by water. The corals could then grow over the hills. This formed the present cays and reefs. Sea level on the Great Barrier Reef has not risen much in the last 6,000 years.The CRC Reef Research Centre has worked out that the present, living reef is 6,000 to 8,000 years old.
The remains of a very old barrier reef has been found in the Kimberley area. This is in the northern part of Western Australia.
The Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area has been divided into 70 different areas. These are called bioregions. Each bioregion has its own special plants and animals. There are 30 reef bioregions, and 40 are non-reef bioregions. In the northern part of the Great Barrier Reef, there are ribbon reefs and deltaic reefs. These kinds of reef are not found in the rest of the Great Barrier Reef system.
Ecology.
The Great Barrier Reef has many different plants and animals. This includes many vulnerable or endangered species. Some of these can only be found on this reef system.
Mammals.
Thirty species of whales, dolphins, and porpoises have been seen in the Great Barrier Reef. This includes the dwarf minke whale, Indo-Pacific humpback dolphin, and the humpback whale. Many dugongs live there.
Turtles and Dugongs.
Six species of sea turtles come to the reef to breed. These are the green sea turtle, leatherback sea turtle, hawksbill turtle, loggerhead sea turtle, flatback turtle, and the olive ridley. There are two different groups of green sea turtles on the Great Barrier Reef. One group lives in the northern part of the reef and the other in the south. Fifteen species of seagrass attract the dugongs and turtles. They also provide a food and shelter for fish. The most common kinds of seagrasses are "Halophila" and "Halodule".
Other sea animals.
Salt water crocodiles live in mangrove and salt marshes on the coast near the reef. No crocodile nests have been found on the reef. The salt water crocodiles on the reef travel long distances. There are not many living around the reef. Around 125 species of shark, stingray, skates or chimera live on the reef. About 5,000 species of mollusc have been found on the reef. These include the giant clam, nudibranchs and cone snails. Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been found. Seven species of frogs have be found on the islands.
Birds.
215 species of birds come to the reef or nest or roost on the islands. This includes 22 species of seabirds and 32 species of shorebirds. These include the white-bellied sea eagle and roseate tern. Most nesting sites are on islands in the northern and southern regions of the Great Barrier Reef. About 1.7 million birds use the sites to breed.
Plants.
The islands of the Great Barrier Reef also have 2,195 known plant species. Three of these are not found anywhere else. The northern islands have 300-350 plants which are woody. The southern islands have 200 plants which are herbaceous. The Whitsunday region has the most (1,141) plant speciess. The plant species are spread by birds.
Sea snakes.
Seventeen types of sea snake live on the Great Barrier Reef. They take about 4 years to become old enough to breed. They usually live on the sea floor. They live in warm waters up to deep. They are more common in the southern part of the reef.
Fish, ascidians and bryozoans.
More than 1,500 species of fish live on the reef. These include the clownfish,, and several types of snapper and coral trout. There are at least 330 species of sea squirts (ascidians) found on the reef. These vary in size from 1 mm-10 cm in diameter. Between 300-500 species of bryozoans are found on the reef system. These are small water animals that look like moss, or branches.
Corals.
Four hundred species of corals, both hard corals and soft corals are found on the reef. Most of these spawn (release thousands of eggs) in huge events. This spawning is controlled by the rising sea temperatures. This happens in spring and summer, as part of the moons lunar cycle, and the day/night diurnal cycle. Reefs in the inner Great Barrier Reef spawn during the week after the full moon in October. Outer reefs spawn in November and December. The common soft corals on the Great Barrier Reef belong to 36 different types. Five hundred species of marine algae or seaweed live on the reef. This includes thirteen types of "Halimeda". These deposit chalky (calcareous) mounds up to 100 metres wide. They have mini-ecosystems on their surface which have been compared to rainforest cover.

Cabin
A cabin is a small building where people live. They are often made of wood and are usually located in forest or mountain areas. Many cabins do not have electricity or running water. Cabins are smaller than houses.

Deafness
Deafness is when someone cannot hear or cannot hear well. There are many famous people who were deaf, such as Ludwig van Beethoven. Many deaf people learn sign language so that they can communicate.

Hikaru_Utada
Hikaru Utada (宇多田ヒカル "Utada Hikaru", born January 19 1983 in New York City), is an American-born Japanese singer and songwriter. Because she was born in the United States, she can speak English perfectly. She is the daughter of the 1970s Enka singer Keiko Fuji. Her first Japanese album, "First Love", was very popular. It sold more copies than any other Japanese singer ever. She is also known in the west for singing the theme songs for "Kingdom Hearts" and "Kingdom Hearts II"; "Simple and Clean" and "Sanctuary".
When Hikaru was little, she did not want to become a singer. She saw how busy her mother and father's lives were, and did not want that for herself. When she was 10-years-old, her parents asked her if she wanted to write songs. She did not want to, but tried doing it. She wrote a song called "I'll Be Stronger". During this time, Hikaru went to school in New York. Her classmates were not able to say her name right (Hee-ka-roo) so they shortened it to 'Hikki'. 'Hikki' became Hikaru's nickname. Her fans in Japan call her that. The name is not promoted very much in the United States because it sounds too much like 'hickey'.
In 1996, Hikaru started to record an album, when she was only 13 years-old. It was in English. The album was in the R&B style. It was written all by herself. The album was going to be released on the EMI' record company, but since the company fell apart, it was never sold in the United States. A man called Akira Miyake from Japan heard the album, and wanted to release it there. Hikaru agreed, and the album was released in Japan in 1998.
The album sold okay, but it was not until later when Hikaru started to sing Japanese songs that she became famous. Her music still sounded very R&B, but at this point it sounded more pop. Her first single, "Automatic / Time Will Tell", reached #2 on the single charts in Japan. A while later, after another single, she released her first Japanese album, "First Love". This sold a very large amount (over 9 million copies) and became the most sold album by a Japanese singer.
Hikaru went on to release two more albums, "Distance" (2001), and "Deep River" (2002). In each album, her style changed slightly. Each album was less R&B, and more Pop. In 2004, she released an album made of all her old single songs. She next released an album in English called "Exodus". "Exodus" was released under the record label Island Def-Jam. It was sold in Japan, the United States, and the United Kingdom. She sung, wrote and made the music for the whole album herself (except for when she got hip-hop producer Timbaland to help her). The album sold many copies in Japan, but it did not sell that well in the United States. However, many famous people and music critics thought that the album was good (for example, Elton John thought it was interesting).
Hikaru has started to make new Japanese music again, but continued on making all the music herself. Usually, a singer/songwriter will only write the music and the lyrics, but Hikaru decided she wanted to arrange her songs all by herself as well. She released her new album, "Ultra Blue", in mid-2006. Soon after, she went on tour all across Japan. This is the second time she has ever done this (despite her singing for eight years).

Guqin
The (Chinese: 古琴; pinyin: gǔqín; Wade-Giles: ku-ch'in; literally "ancient stringed-instrument") is the modern name for a plucked seven-string Chinese musical instrument of the zither family. It has been played since ancient times, and has traditionally been favored by educated people as an instrument of great beauty and refinement. It is uncommonly spelt as Gu Qin (and sometimes GuQin or Gu-qin) in English.
Traditionally the instrument was called simply qin 「琴」, but by the 20th century the term had come to be used on many other musical instruments as well (for example, the "yangqin" 「揚琴」 hammered dulcimer, the "huqin" 「胡琴」 family of bowed string instruments, and the Western piano (Chinese: 鋼琴; pinyin: gāng qín; literally "steel stringed-instrument")), so the prefix "gu-" 「古」 (meaning "ancient") was added for clarification. It can also be called qixianqin 「七絃琴」 ("seven-stringed instrument"). The guqin is not to be confused with the "guzheng", another Chinese long zither also without frets, but with moveable bridges under each string. Because Robert Hans van Gulik's famous book about the qin is called "The Lore of the Chinese Lute", the qin is sometimes inaccurately called a lute. Other incorrect classifications (mainly from music CDs) include "harp" or "table-harp".
The qin is a very quiet instrument, with a range of about four octaves, and its open strings are tuned in the bass register (its lowest pitch is about two octaves below middle C, or the lowest note on the cello). Sounds are produced by plucking open strings, stopped strings, and harmonics. Stopped sounds are special for the variety of slides and ornaments used, and the use of glissando (sliding tones) gives it a sound similar to a pizzicato cello or fretless bass guitar. Extended sections in music scores consisting entirely of harmonics are common, this made possible because the 91 indicated harmonic positions allow great flexibility; early tablature shows that even more harmonic positions were used in the past. By tradition the qin originally had five strings, but ancient qin-like instruments with 10 or more strings have been found. The modern form has been standardized from about two thousand years.
History.
Legend has it that the qin, has a history of about 5,000 years; that the legendary people of China's pre-history; Fuxi, Shennong and Huang Di (the Yellow Emperor), was involved in its creation. It is mentioned in Chinese writings dating back nearly 3,000 years, and related instruments have been found in tombs from about 2,500 years ago. Chinese tradition says the qin originally had five strings, but then two were added about 1,000 BCE, making seven.
Based on the detailed description in the poetic essay "Qin Fu" 【琴賦】 by Xi Kang / Ji Kang (223–262), the form of the qin that is recognizable today was most likely set around the late Han Dynasty (206 BC - 220 AD). The earliest surviving qin in this modern form, preserved in both Japan and China, have been dated to the Tang Dynasty (618-907). Many are still playable, the most famous perhaps being the one named "Jiuxiao Huanpei" 《九霄環佩》, said to have been made by the famous late Tang dynasty qin maker Lei Wei (雷威). It is kept in the Forbidden City Museum in Beijing.
According to Robert Temple, the qin played an important part in the gaining the first understanding of music timbre for the Chinese. He said that "the Chinese understanding of the nature of sound as vibration was much increased by studying the production of timbre on the strings of the "ch'in"." This understanding of timbre, overtones and higher harmonics eventually led the Chinese to discover equal temperament in music.
In 1977, a recording of "Liu Shui" (Flowing Water, as performed by Guan Pinghu, one of the best qin players of the 20th century) was chosen to be included in the Voyager Golden Record, a gold-plated LP recording containing music from around the world, which was sent into outer space by NASA on the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 spacecrafts. It is the longest music track included on the disc. In 2003, guqin music was proclaimed one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.
Historical schools and societies.
Because of the difference in geography in China, many qin schools known as "qin pai" (琴派) developed over the centuries. Such schools generally formed around areas where qin activity was greatest.
Most qin schools and societies/groups are based in China, but during the 20th century many societies inside other countries began to form. Although qin study was initially confined to China in ancient times, countries like Japan also have their own qin traditions by import from China, but are extremely small in scale. The Tokyo Qin Society was recently founded, opening up more opportunities for qin study in Japan. Japan has published a "qinpu" (qin tablature collection) in the past, known as "Toukou Kinpu" or "Donggao Qinpu" 【東臯琴譜】.
Players.
There have been many players throughout the ages. The instrument was a favourite of the scholars, so many artists played it. Some famous players are also associated with some melodies, like Confucius and Qu Yuan.
Classical books such as "Qin Shi", "Qinshi Bu" and "Qinshi Xu" have biographies of hundreds of more players.
Playing technique.
The beauty of qin melodies comes not only from the melodies themselves, but from the variation a player can apply to the individual tones and their combinations. The rich tones of the qin can be categorised as three distinctively different "sounds." The first is "san yin" 〔散音〕, which means "scattered sounds." This meant simply pluck the required string to sound an open note. The second is "fan yin" 〔泛音〕, or "floating sounds." These are harmonics, and the player simply lightly touches the string with one or more fingers of the left hand at a position indicated by the white "hui" dots, pluck and then lift, creating a crisp and clear sound ringing sound. The third is "an yin" 〔按音 / 案音 / 實音 / 走音〕, or "stopped sounds." This forms the majority of most qin pieces and requires the player to press on a string with a finger or thumb of the left hand until it touches with the surface board, then pluck. Afterwards, the hand can slide up and down, thereby changing the pitch.
When plucking the strings, it is not required to attach fake-nails on one's fingers. One will often leave their fingernails long, and cut them into an rounded shape. The length is subjective and will depend on the player's preference, but it is usually around 3-4mm from the finger tip. If it is too short, then the finger tip will deaden the sound as it touches the string after the nail has plucked it. If it is too long then the fingers can make playing difficult. Generally, the nails of the right hand are kept long, whilst the nails of the left are cut short, so as to be able to press on the strings without difficulty.
There are eight basic right hand finger techniques: "pi" 〈劈〉 (thumb pluck outwards), "tuo" 〈托〉 (thumb pluck inwards), "mo" 〈抹〉 (index in), "tiao" 〈挑〉 (index out), "gou" 〈勾〉 (middle in), "ti" 〈剔〉 (middle out), "da" 〈打〉 (ring in), and "zhai" 〈摘〉 (ring out); the little finger is not used. Out of these basic eight, their combinations create many more. "Cuo" 〈撮〉 is to pluck two strings at the same time, "lun" 〈輪〉 is to pluck a string with the ring, middle and index finger out in quick succession, the "suo" 〈鎖〉 technique involves plucking a string several times in a fixed rhythm, "bo" 〈撥〉 cups the fingers and strums two strings at the same time, and "gun fu" 〈滾拂〉 is to create a sequence of sounds by running up and down the strings continuously with the index and middle fingers. These are just a few.
Left hand techniques start from the simple pressing down on the string (mostly with the thumb between the flesh and nail, and the ring finger), sliding up or down to the next note ("shang" 〈上〉 and "xia" 〈下〉), to vibrati by swaying the hand ("yin" 〈吟〉 and "nao" 〈猱〉, there are as many as 15 plus different forms of vibrato), plucking the string with the thumb whilst the ring finger stops the string at the lower position ("qiaqi" 〈掐起 / 搯起〉), hammering on a string using the thumb ("yan" 〈掩 / 罨〉), to more difficult techniques such as pressing on several strings at the same time.
Techniques executed by both hands together are more difficult to achieve, for example, "qia cuo san sheng" 〈掐撮三聲〉 (a combination of hammering on and off then plucking two strings, then repeating), to more exciting forms, like pressing of all seven strings with the left, then strumming all the strings with the right, then the left hand quickly moves up the qin, creating a rolling sound like a bucket of water being thrown in a deep pool of water (this technique is used in the Shu style of "Liu Shui" to copy the sound of water).
In order to master the qin, there are in excess of 50 different techniques that must be mastered. Even the most commonly used (such as "tiao") are difficult to get right without proper instruction from a teacher.
Tablature and notation.
Written qin music did not directly tell what notes were played like many outer musical instruments; instead, it was written in a tablature detailing tuning, finger positions, and plucking technique, thus made up of a step by step method and description of how to play a piece. Some tablatures do indicate notes using the "gongche" notation system, or indicate rhythm using dots.
The earliest example of the modern shorthand tablature survives from around the 12th century CE. An earlier form of music notation from the Tang era survives in just one manuscript, dated to the 7th century CE, called "Jieshi Diao: You Lan" 《碣石調幽蘭》 (Solitary Orchid, in Stone Tablet Mode). It is written in a longhand form called "wenzi pu" 〔文字譜〕 (literally "written notation"), which gives all the details using ordinary written Chinese characters. Later in the Tang dynasty, Cao Rou (曹柔) and others simplified the notation, using only the important elements of the characters (like string number, plucking technique, "hui" number and which finger to stop the string) and combined them into one character notation. This meant that instead of having two lines of written text to describe a few notes, a single character could represent one note, or sometimes as many as nine. This notation form was called "jianzi pu" 〔減字譜〕 (literally "reduced notation") and it was a great step forward for recording qin scores. It was so successful that from the Ming dynasty (1368-1644) onwards, a lot of qinpu 〔琴譜〕 (qin tablature collections) appeared, the most famous and useful being "Shenqi Mipu" (The Mysterious and Marvellous Tablature) compiled by Zhu Quan (朱勸), the 17th son of the founder of the Ming dynasty. In the 1960s, Zha Fuxi discovered more than 130 qinpu that contain well over 3360 pieces of written music. Sadly, many qinpu compiled before the Ming dynasty are now lost, and many pieces have remained unplayed for hundreds of years.
Existing qinpu generally come from private collections or in public libraries throughout China, etc. Those that are available for public purchase are photographic copies printed and bound in the traditional Chinese bookbinding process. More modern qinpu tend to be bound in the normal Western way on modern paper. The format uses qin notation with staff notation and/or "jianpu" notation.
Repertoire.
Qin pieces are usually around three to eight minutes in length, with the longest being "Guangling San" 《廣陵散》, which is 22 minutes long. Other famous pieces include "Liu Shui" 《流水》 (Flowing Water), "Yangguan San Die" 《陽關三疊》 (Three Refrains on the Yang Pass Theme), "Meihua San Nong" 《梅花三弄》 (Three Variations on the Plum Blossom Theme), "Xiao Xiang Shui Yun" 《瀟湘水雲》 (Mist and Clouds over the Xiao and Xiang Rivers), and "Pingsha Luo Yan" 《平沙落雁》 (Wild Geese Descending on the Sandbank). The average player can generally play around ten pieces from memory which they will aim to play very well, learning new pieces as and when they feel like it. Players mainly learn popular well studied versions, often using a recording as a reference. In addition to learning to play established or ancient pieces very well, highly skilled qin players may also compose or improvise, although the player must be very good and extremely familiar with the instrument to be successful at it.
Dapu 〔打譜〕 is the conversion of old tablature into a playable form. This can be used to create new music as well as to reconstruct the ancient melodies. Since qin tablature does not indicate note value, tempo or rhythm, the player must work it out for him/herself. Normally, qin players will learn the rhythm of a piece through a teacher. They sit facing one another, with the student copying the master. The tablature will only be looked at if the teacher is not sure of how to play a certain part. Because of this, traditional qinpu do not indicate them. If one did not have a teacher, then one had to work out the rhythm by themselves. But it would be a mistake to say that qin music has no rhythm or melody. By the 20th century, there had been attempts to try to replace the shorthand notation, but so far, it has been unsuccessful; since the 20th century, qin music is generally printed with staff notation above the qin tablature. Because qin tablature is so useful, logical, easy, and the fastest way (once the performer knows how to read the notation) of learning a piece, it is invaluable to the qin player and cannot totally be replaced. There are two views of how to best use dapu: one is to use it to create new music, and the other is to use it to reconstruct the way the original music was played.
Construction.
According to tradition, the qin originally had five strings, representing the five elements of metal, wood, water, fire and earth. Later, in the Zhou dynasty, Zhou Wen Wang 周文王 added a sixth string to mourn his son, Bo Yihou 伯邑考. His successor, Zhou Wu Wang 周武王, added a seventh string to motivate his troops into battle with the Shang. The thirteen "hui" 『徽』 on the surface represent the 13 months of the year (the extra 13th is the 'leap month' in the lunar calendar). The surface board is round to represent Heaven and the bottom board flat to represent earth. The entire length of the qin (in Chinese measurements) is 3 feet, 6.5 inches, representing the 365 days of the year (though this is just a standard since qins can be shorter or longer depending on the period's measurement standard or the maker's preference). Each part of the qin has meaning, some more obvious, like "dragon pool" 『龍池』 and "phoenix pond" 『鳳沼』.
The sound chamber of the qin is constructed with two boards of wood, typically of differing wood types. The slightly rounded top board (soundboard) is usually made of "tong" wood 『桐』, the Chinese parasol tree, or Chinese paulownia. The bottom board is made of "zi mu" 『梓木』 catalpa ("Catalpa ovata") or, more recently, "nan mu" 『楠木』 camphor wood ("Machilus nanmu"). The wood must be well aged, that is, the sap and moisture must be removed (of the top board wood). If sap remains then the sound will not be clear and, as the moisture evaporates, the wood will warp and crack. Some makers use old or ancient wood to construct qins because most of the sap and moisture has been removed naturally by time (old "shan mu" 『杉木』, Chinese Cunninghamia or Japanese Cryptomeria, is often used for creating modern qins). Some go to lengths to obtain extremely ancient wood, such as that from Han dynasty tomb structures or coffins. Although such wood is very dry, it is not necessarily the best since it may be infected with wood worm or be of a bad quality or type. Many modern qins made out of new "tong" wood (such as those made by Zeng Chengwei) can be better than the quality of antique qins.
There are two sound holes in the bottom board, as the playing techniques of the qin employ the entire surface of the top board which is curved / humped. The inside of the top board is hollowed out to a degree. Inside the qin, there are 'nayin' 『納音』 sound absorbers, and a 'tian chu' 『天柱』 and 'di chu' 『地柱』 soundposts that connect the bottom board to the top. The boards are joined using bamboo nails. Lacquer 『漆』 from the Chinese lacquer tree ("Rhus vernicifera") is then applied to the surfaces of the qin, mixed with various types of powder, the most common being "lujiao shuang" 『鹿角霜』, the remains of deer antler after the glue has been eremoved. Often, ceramic powder is used instead of deer antler powder, but the quality is not as good. After the lacquer has dried (a qin will need several layers), the surface will be polished using oil stones. At the head end of the instrument is the "yue shan" 『岳山』 or bridge, and at the other end is the "long yin" 『龍齦』 (dragon's gums) or nut. There are 13 circular mother-of-pearl inlays which mark the harmonic positions, as well as a reference point to note position, called "hui" 『徽』 ("insignia").
Strings.
Until the Cultural Revolution, the guqin's strings were always made of various thicknesses of twisted silk 『絲』, but since then most players use modern nylon-flatwound steel strings 『鋼絲』. This was partly due to the scarcity of high quality silk strings and partly due to the newer strings' greater durability and louder tone.
Silk strings are made by gathering a prescribed number of strands of silk thread, then twisting them tightly together. The twisted cord of strings is then wrapped around a frame and immersed in a vat of liquid of natural glue that binds the strands together. The strings are taken out and left to dry, before being cut into the appropriate length. The top thicker strings (i.e. strings one to four) are further wrapped in a thin silk thread, coiled around the core to make it smoother.
Recently in China, production of very good quality silk strings has resumed and more players are beginning to use them. Although most contemporary players use nylon-wrapped metal strings, some argue that nylon-wrapped metal strings cannot replace silk strings for their refinement of tone. Furthermore, it is the case that nylon-wrapped metal strings can cause damage to the wood of old qins. Many traditionalists feel that the sound of the fingers of the left hand sliding on the strings to be a distinctive feature of qin music. The modern nylon-wrapped metal strings were very smooth in the past, but are now slightly modified in order to capture these sliding sounds.
Tuning.
To string a qin, one traditionally had to tie a butterfly knot ("shengtou jie" 『蠅頭結』) at one end of the string, and slip the string through the twisted cord ("rongkou" 『絨剅』) which goes into holes at the head of the qin and then out the bottom through the tuning pegs ("zhen" 『軫』). The string is dragged over the bridge ("yueshan" 『岳山』), across the surface board, over the nut ("longyin" 『龍齦』 dragon gums) to the back of the qin, where the end is wrapped around two legs ("fengzu" 『鳳足』 "phoenix feet" or "yanzu" 『雁足』 "geese feet"). Afterwards, the strings are fine tuned using the tuning pegs. The most common tuning, "zheng diao" 〈正調〉, is pentatonic: 1245612 in the traditional Chinese number system or "jianpu" 〔簡譜〕. Today this is generally interpreted to mean C D F G A c d, but this should be considered do re fa so la do re, since historically the qin was not tuned to absolute pitch. In fact the same tuning can also be considered as 5612356 when the third string is played as do. Thus, except when accompanied by other instruments, only the pitch relations between the seven strings needs to be accurate. Other tunings are achieved by adjusting the tension of the strings using the tuning pegs at the head end. Thus "manjiao diao" 〈慢角調〉 (slackened third string) gives 1235612 and "ruibin diao" 〈蕤賔調〉 (raised fifth string) gives 1245712, which is transposed to 2356123.
Playing context.
The guqin is nearly always used a solo single instrument, as its quietness of tone means that it cannot be heard over the sounds of most other instruments or an ensemble. It can, however, be played together with a "xiao" (end-blown bamboo flute), with other qin, or played while singing. In old times, the "se" (a long zither with movable bridges and 25 strings, similar to the Japanese koto) was frequently used in duets with the qin.
In order for an instrument to accompany the qin, its sound must be mellow and not overwhelm the qin. Thus, the "xiao" generally used for this purpose is one pitched in the key of F, known as "qin xiao", which is narrower than an ordinary "xiao". If one sings to qin songs (which is rare nowadays) then one should not sing in an operatic or folk style as is common in China, but rather in a very low pitched and deep way; and the range in which one should sing should not exceed one and a half octaves. The style of singing is similar to that used to recite Tang poetry. To enjoy qin songs, one must learn to become accustomed to the strange style some players may sing their songs to.
Traditionally, the qin was played in a quiet studio or room by oneself, or with a few friends; or played outdoors in places of outstanding natural beauty. Nowadays, many qin players perform at concerts in large concert halls, almost always, out of necessity, using electronic pickups or microphones to amplify the sound. Many qin players attend yaji (『雅集』 literally "elegant gatherings"), at which a number of qin players, music lovers, or anyone with an interest in Chinese culture can come along to discuss and play the qin.

System_of_a_Down
System of a Down is an American metal band. They started in 1995 in Los Angeles, California by four members of Armenian descent, Serj Tankian (lead singer, born August 21, 1967), Daron Malakian (lead guitar, singer, born July 18, 1975), Shavo Odadjian (bass, background singer, born April 22, 1974) and Andy Khachaturian but was replaced with John Dolmayan.
The band have five albums called "System of a Down" (1998), "Toxicity" (2001), "Steal This Album!" (2002), and "Mezmerize"/"Hypnotize" (2005).
The band became successful with popular songs like "Sugar", "Spiders", "Chop Suey!", "Toxicity", "Aerials", "B.Y.O.B.", "Question!", "Hypnotize", and "Lonely Day".
After the release of "Mezmerize"/"Hypnotize", System of a Down went on a break, but they have not broken up.
Often described as very angry, Khachaturian was unhappy about his place as drummer, and wanted to lead the band. He left the band and the drummer from a band Friik, John Dolmayan, was invited to the band.
They had all been with each other before, as Serj, Daron, and Shavo, went to the same school when they were young. They went to the Alex Pilibos School for Armenian Americans in Los Angeles.
In 1995, they released their first demo tape, and had the songs: Suite-Pee, Sugar, Dam, and P.L.U.C.K.(Politically Lying Unholy Cowardly Killers). In 1996, another demo tape was released with the songs: Soil, and two songs that were not on the first album, Honey and Temper. They made another demo tape, and this was the one that got them put on the record label. It had the Famous producer Rick Rubin, had been keen on signing SOAD, but they wanted to keep their options open, and denied several times. Eventually, SOAD teamed up with Rubin and produced their first studio album in 1997, which was self titled. This album was not as big as the next album, but it made people aware of who and what System of a Down stands for.
Their next album made in 2001 was their first UK top 20 single 'Chop Suey' was named Toxicity. This album explores a more melodic side of metal, and has some poitical views, such as in the opening track: "Prison Song" which has Serj speaking lines such as: "Minor drug offenders fill your prisons you don't even flinch/all our taxes paying for your wars against the new non rich".
System of a Down was trying to tell us what was going on, what the government isn't telling the public, and they have a reputation of doing so.
2003's album was a leftover of songs from the Toxicity recordings that weren't used because they didn't fit the "mood" of the album. Although they were leftovers, there were still very melodic songs, and were very good songs in their own right, such as "Innervision", and the only song to become a hit, "Boom!". "Bubbles" is also a fan-favorite.
May 2005 brought a new era of System of a Down into the music world, and the album was called Mezmerize. Even more melodic than ever before, such songs off it include "B.Y.O.B" (Bring Your Own Bombs), and "Lost in Hollywood", which was a song based on Daron's childhood; a song about the realities of Hollywood and that it's not all a glamorous place.
Months later, the second part of the double album Hypnotize, was the same sort of style as they were produced in the same recording session, was released. Many fans thought of the double album as a let down, but others thought that it was a good idea to try new things.
In 2006, the band decided that they were going to go on break for a little while. This is called "hiatus" (hi-ay-TUS). They said they were going to come back together in a few years. They want to be sure people know that System of a Down is not breaking up, they are just on a break because they have been doing System for almost 10 years.
See also.
John_Heartfield

Colonialism
Colonialism occurs when a country (nation) takes control of other lands, regions, or territories outside of its borders (boundaries of the country) by turning those other lands, regions, or territories into a colony. Usually, it is a more powerful, richer country that takes control of a smaller, less powerful region or territory. Sometimes the word "imperialism" is also used to refer to colonialism.
In the 1700s and 1800s, many of the richer, more powerful European] countries (such as Britain, France, Spain, and the Netherlands) established colonies in the continents of Africa, South America, and the Caribbean.
Some countries use colonialism to get more land for their people to live in. When countries are using colonialism to get more land for their people to live in, the country will help settlers move to the new region or territory. The local people living in the land or territories were usually moved away by using force and violence from armies. To protect these settlers from the local residents who were pushed aside, colonial nations often set up a military fort or colonial police system.
Other countries use colonialism to get more land so that they can use the land for farming or to extract (take out) resources such as trees (wood), coal, or metals. or creating a local government or military fort
Other countries use colonialism so that they can get workers from the poorer country to work in factories or farms (either in the richer country, or in the poorer country). In the past, powerful countries that were colonizing poorer countries or regions often forced the people from the poorer countries to work as slaves.
Ancient colonies.
The Phoenicians the Ancient Greeks expanded their territories by using colonialism. Ancient Greece was not a country. It was made of many cities. Each city was a country of its own, with a government in place. Some city-states were monarchies, others elected (part of) the people who governed by (part of) the people who were citizens of that city, and who lived there. This is called democracy.
Those cities also fought wars against each other and traded goods. To get more influence, or to secure a trade route, the city would send people called settlers to a new place. These people would then make a new city called a colony. The cities had to pay some form of taxes to the old city, in exchange for protection, for example.
If the settlers found a local tribe living in the new territory, they would wage war against it to force them to leave. The local tribe was usually made into slaves. The new colony would exploit the land it found, by growing crops or by raising cattle.
Types of colonialism.
There are several different types of colonialism. Some countries that expanded their territory used Settler colonies. Some countries that started out as settler colonies include the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Argentina. In all of these countries, people from European countries moved to the new region, and forced the local people)(the indigenous peoples, such as Indians, Maori, etc.) to move. When the local people or tribes had to move, it caused a lot of problems.
In some regions which were colonized, the settlers married the local people and had children with them. An example is Mexico, where a new people called the mestizos came from the marriages of the settlers and the local tribes. In other regions which were colonized, the settlers and the local people lived in separate areas, without living together or marrying. An example of this situation is French Algeria (when France colonized the African country of Algeria) or Southern Rhodesia.
Another type of colonialism is when a powerful country sets up (establishes) dependencies. With a dependency, the colonizing country does not send over thousands of settlers to the new territory. Indstead, the colonizing country sets up administrators (a governing organization) that controls the existing local (native) populations or tribes. Examples include the British Raj, in which the British government controlled India; the Dutch East Indies, in which the Netherlands controlled parts of the East Indies; and the Japanese colonial empire, in which Japan controlled Asian territories.
With the plantation colony, the powerful, rich country use the poorer country's land to grow crops. The local people are forced to become slaves and work on the farms. Examples of plantation colonies include Barbados, Saint-Domingue and Jamaica.
Another type of colony is the trading post colony. Rich and powerful countries set up trading post colonies so that there would be a territory where trading, selling, and business could be conducted. The rich and powerful countries usually set up military forts or police forces to enforce the rules and laws of the colonizing country. Examples of trading colonies include Macau, Malacca, Deshima and Singapore.
Decolonization.
In the 1960s and 1970s, many colonies were freed from the control of the European countries which controlled them. Some colonies, such as French Algeria became free by fighting a war against the colonial government. Other colonies became free without violence and war.

Kurdish_people
The Kurds are an ethnic group found in Iraq, Iran, Syria, Armenia, Turkey and Lebanon. They have no country of their own.
Kurds are indo-European settlers together with the people of Western and northwestern Iran, widely thought to be descended from the Medes. They speak Kurdish.
The Kurds have similarly distinct features as those of south Europe, however their looks are not single based ranging from blondes to brunettes and although mainly brown eyes can have multi-coloured colours. they have a rich culture which is their own and despite the long struggle by its neighbouring enemies to demolish it: it remains a strong influence in their way of life.
Today, there are around to 27 to 37.5 million Kurds. Most are Muslim.

Set_theory
Set theory is a theory used in mathematics. It deals with sets, which are collections of various objects.
History.
The reason why set theory was made is that collections of objects can cause problems if you work with them without explaining them better. It was made by people like Georg Cantor and Bertrand Russell.
Theory.
Set theory begins by giving some examples of things that are sets. Then it gives rules with which you can make other sets from the already known sets. Collections of objects that are not sets are called classes. It is possible to do mathematics using only sets, rather than classes, so that the problems that classes cause in mathematics do not occur.

Wasilla,_Alaska
Wasilla is a small city in the U.S. state of Alaska, about 43 miles from Anchorage.

Newbridge,_County_Kildare
Newbridge (Droichead Nua in Gaelic) is a town in County Kildare, Ireland. It is the second largest town in Kildare

Cabrillo_Beach
Cabrillo Beach is a historic beach located in San Pedro, California.
Cabrillo has two separate beach areas
Lifeguards.
Los Angeles City and Los Angeles County Lifeguards are responsible for the beach and ocean safety in and around the Cabrillo Beach area.
Geography.
Cabrillo Beach is located next to the Los Angeles Harbor and is only a short boat ride away from Catalina Island.
Water Sports.
Cabrillo Beach is a popular destination for those interested in water sports, such as windsurfing, kayaking and SCUBA diving.
Cabrillo Beach is known by windsurfers as "Hurricane Gulch" because of its predictably strong winds.
Landmarks.
It is also home to a few famous landmarks, namely the 1.75 mile Los Angeles Breakwater which ends at the Angeles Gate Lighthouse, the recently restored Cabrillo Beach Bathhouse, and the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium. The Angels Gate Lighthouse is home to the annual Angel's Gate Lighthouse Swim competition, held by Lifeguards and San Pedro residents each summer.

Canidae
Canidae is a family of carnivorous and omnivorous mammals of the order Carnivora. Animals that belong to the family Canidae are called canids. The family Canidae is divided into two tribes: Vulpini ("true foxes"), and Canini ("true dogs").
Canids of the tribe Vulpini (foxes) are called "vulpines". Canids of the tribe Canini (wolves, dogs, coyotes and others) are called "canines". Some people call all these canids "canines", but this is wrong.
Examples of canids are dogs, wolves, foxes, coyotes, and jackals.

Vole
Vole is a small mammal similar to a mouse.
There are about 70 species of voles. There are species in Europe, Asia, North Africa and North America. Adult voles, depending on the species, are 7.5 to 17.5 centimetres (three to seven inches) long.
Depending on the species, they eat seeds, grass or other plants, and insects.
Many animals hunt voles, for example wolves, owls, hawks, coyotes, foxes, weasels, and cats.

Overland_Park,_Kansas
Overland Park is a city in the U.S. state of Kansas.

Folk_music
Folk music is music that is played or sung by ordinary people (not professional musicians). It is traditional music that people learn by listening to other people playing it and then copying them. We say that the tradition is “orally transmitted” or “handed down orally”, meaning that the music is not written down but taught by speaking (“oral” means “belonging to the mouth”). Every country has its own traditional music. Folk song is part of folk music. (And, a folksinger is a person who can sing folk songs.)
In the 1960s a new type of music was started by Bob Dylan who mixed traditional folk song with rock and roll. This music is sometimes called “folk”.
Folk music is music for everybody to play and listen to. In this way it is different from classical music which is mainly developed by professional musicians for a smaller group of people. Folk music is part of a popular culture, although the term “popular music” or “pop music” today refers to a kind of music which people can hear through television, radio and other means of recording.
In many parts of the world nearly all music is folk music. The term “folk music” is usually used for European and American music which is part of an oral tradition.
Folk music as an oral tradition, is much less important than it used to be, in part, because of new technology (radio, television etc, and recordings of music).
Folk tunes are now often written down, and they have influenced other kinds of music, so that the differences between various types of music are harder to see.
The traditional origins.
In older times folk music was part of “communal recreation”. This means that small communities such as villages or families would relax by playing and singing music together. People would often make up a new song or new piece of music, or make changes to music that they already knew. In this way music was always changing. People would get musical ideas from other groups nearby. This is why folk music from neighbouring countries often sound similar.
Balladp were a popular kind of folk music. These were folk songs which told a story (they were “narrative”). Sometimes they had a refrain after each verse so that everybody could join in. Ballads told stories of love, myths or folklore. This is how stories were handed down from one generation to another.
Instrumental folk music was used for dancing. Some of the instruments may have been very simple, such as a pair of sticks, rattle or a simple drum. Other instruments may include fiddle (the folk word for “violin”), bagpipes, harp, zither, or various wind instruments, depending on the time of history and the country.
Some singing was polyphonic, i.e. there were two or more parts (voices). Very often two voices would sing in parallel (going up and down together). In countries such as Russia people sang in three or four parts, e.g. in the tradition of “podgolosnaya” (“underneath the voice”). In countries such as Britain this polyphonic tradition did not exist. Folk songs there were sung by one singer, unaccompanied.
Folk music used different scales. These are called modes. The Ionian mode (like our major scale) was the most common in Western Europe. In some parts of Eastern Europe modes with several semitones were used.
Folk music also includes simple children’s songs and lullabies.
Folk music was sung by people as they worked. In the early days of European immigration in America the pioneers sang as they travelled, cowboys sang as they worked, slaves sang in the cottonfields.
Influence on classical music.
In the 18th century folk music started to have an influence on classical music (or “art music”). People from the higher classes started to be interested in folk music because they were conscious of being part of a tradition. Composers such as Mozart and Schubert wrote folk dances for orchestras or small groups of instruments.
Folk music was used by many composers in the Romantic period. Gustav Mahler used folk song in a lot of his music. In the early twentieth century some composers travelled around collecting folk music which was being played or sung by people in the country. They often used some of these ideas in their music. Bartok did this in Hungary as well as in Bulgaria and in the United States, and people such as Cecil Sharp and the composer Ralph Vaughan Williams collected folk music in England. In the United States the influence of jazz on classical music is all part of the story of folk music.

Western_Hemisphere
The Western Hemisphere is a geographical term for the half of the Earth that is located west of the Prime Meridian. Pretend that the earth is cut in half, from the North Pole, through England, to the South Pole. The Western Hemisphere is the half to the west. The other half is called the Eastern Hemisphere.

Mario_Bros.
Mario Bros. is a game made in 1983. In the game, Mario and/or Luigi must stomp under and defeat enemies. It is not only the first game to feature Luigi as a playable character, it also is the first game in which Mario is named Mario. It was later ported for other game consoles at the time. "Mario Bros." was also included with the four "Super Mario Advance" games.

Applesauce
Applesauce (or apple sauce) is a sauce that is made from stewed and mashed apples. Peeled or unpeeled apples can be used and different spices or additives like cinnamon can be used. Sugar or high fructose corn syrup is sometimes added to the applesauce to sweeten it. Applesauce can be fine or coarse textured, and can include large pieces of apple. It is easy to make at home, and it is also sold already made in supermarkets as a common food or as a snack for children and people that have dentures or other problems with their teeth. Parents often feed it to their babies because teeth are not needed to eat it. It is sometimes recommended to fight diarrhoea, since it is high in dietary fibre.
In the United Kingdom, apple sauce is normally used as a sauce that is often used on ham, pork, and gammon.

Laurence_Olivier
Laurence Kerr Olivier (May 22, 1907 – July 11, 1989) was an English actor in the 20th century.
Olivier was married to the English actress Vivien Leigh. He met her when he congratulated her on her performance in "The Mask of Virtue". Olivier then took Leigh to lunch and a friendship developed between them.
Death.
Olivier is buried in Westminster Abbey.

Physical_anthropology
Physical anthropology deals primarily with looking at how the human body has changed over the course of time. It compares the human body to that of other primates. Studies of physical anthropology often include looking at the theories of Evolution.

Equidae
"Equidae" is a family of odd-toed ungulate mammals. The family has only one surviving genus: "Equus". Horses, donkeys and zebras belong in this genus.
Animals of the "Equus" genus can have hybrid children, but the children are mostly sterile.
They can have many different colours.

Leonid_Brezhnev
Leonid Brezhnev was a leader of the Soviet Union. Born in 1906, Brezhnev was dictator of the Soviet Union from 1964 until his death in 1982. During the Second World War in Russia, Brezhnev acted as a spy, instead he spied on his own countrymen for political reasons.

Camembert_cheese
Camembert cheese, more generally known as Camembert, is a French soft cheese. It originated in the village of Camembert in Normandy. Since 1983, the name "Camembert de Normandie" has been protected as Appellation d'Origine controlée (AOC).
Production.
Camembert is made from unpasteurized cow's milk, and is ripened by the moulds "Penicillium candida" and "Penicillium camemberti" for at least three weeks. It is produced in small rounds, about 250 grams in weight, which are wrapped in paper and boxed in thin wooden boxes.
Characteristics.
When fresh, it is quite crumbly and relatively hard, but it characteristically ripens and becomes more runny and strongly flavoured as it ages.
Camembert can be used in many dishes, but it is popularly eaten uncooked on bread or with wine or meat, to enjoy the subtle flavour and texture which do not survive heating.
History.
Camembert was reputedly invented in 1791 by Marie Harel, a farmer from Normandy. However, the origin of the cheese we know today as camembert is more likely to rest with the beginnings of the industrialisation of the cheese-making process at the end of the 19th century. In 1890, an engineer, M. Ridel invented the wooden box which was used to carry the cheese and helped to send it for longer distances, in particular to America where it became very popular. These boxes are still used today.
Before fungi were properly understood, the colour of Camembert rind was a matter of chance, most commonly blue-grey, with brown spots. From the early 20th century onwards the rind has been more commonly pure white, but it was not until the mid-1970s that pure white became standard.
The cheese was famously issued to French troops in the first world war, becoming firmly fixed in the French popular culture as a result. It has many other roles in French culture, literature and history. It is now internationally known, and many local varieties are made around the world.
The cheese is said to have inspired Salvador Dalí to create his famous painting, "The Persistence of Memory". Its "melting" watches were inspired by the sight of a melting wheel of over-ripe Camembert.
The Camembert de Normandie was granted a protected designation of origin in 1992 after the original AOC in 1983
References.
"Camembert: A National Myth" by Pierre Boisard ISBN 0520225503 claims that Camembert was one of the first globalised, homogenised and standardised foods.

Disco
Disco is a style of pop music that was popular in the mid-1970s. Disco music has a strong beat that people can dance to. People usually dance to disco music at bars called disco clubs. The word "disco" is also used to refer to the style of dancing that people do to disco music, or to the style of clothes that people wear to go disco dancing.
Disco was at its most popular in the United States and Europe in the 1970s and early 1980s. Disco was brought into the mainstream by the hit movie "Saturday Night Fever," which was released in 1977. This movie, which starred John Travolta, showed people doing disco dancing. Many radio stations played disco in the late 1970s.
Disco music.
Disco music blends pop music with funk music, soul music, and rock and roll. Disco music usually consists of a singer, electric guitars, synthesizer keyboards, electric bass guitar, and a drummer or electronic drum machine. Disco music is often very simple music, with a strong beat and a strong "bass line". Disco music often has many electronic effects.
Disco dancing.
Disco dancing is often sexually suggestive. When people go disco dancing, they usually wear tight trousers, leather shoes or boots, and glittery clothes. Women going disco dancing often wore tight clothes that revealed body parts such as their thighs or the upper part of their chest. Men going disco dancing often opened up the buttons of their shirts to show the upper part of their chest.
Disco clubs.
Disco music is played at disco clubs. In the late 1970s, there were famous disco clubs such as Studio 54 in New York City. Disco clubs have a large dance floor and a large pa system. A Disk Jockey (or "DJ") plays records of disco music through powerful amplifiers with a number of high wattage speakers. Disco music was usually played very loud, with lots of low bass frequencies. Disco clubs usually had coloured lights that flashed with the music called scanners, and mirror balls with hundreds of small mirrors, that reflect light onto the dancers and all corners of the room.
Disco culture.
Most people who went disco dancing at disco clubs drank alcohol such as champagne and rum. Some people consumed illegal drugs such as cocaine or marijuana, so that they would become intoxicated. People who went disco dancing often had many sexual relationships with people that they would meet at the disco club.

Sect
A sect is a small religious or political group that separates from a larger group. Sects have many of the same beliefs and practices as the original group, but often have some different doctrines. In contrast, a denomination is a large religious group.

Emma_Goldman
Emma Goldman (June 27, 1869 – May 14, 1940) was one of the most well-known anarchists from the late 1800s and early to mid 1900s.
Beliefs.
Emma Goldman was an anarchist, so she did not like governments. She was known as an anarcho-communist because she also had communist ideas. She believed that people should run their own lives, and that everyone should be equal. She also was a supporter of feminism and was one of the first people to support gay rights. She was also an atheist.
She originally supported the use of violence to bring about revolution, but later in life decided that violence should only be used for self-defense.
Life.
She was born in modern-day Lithuania (at the time it was part of Russia). She moved to Rochester, New York with her sister when she was 17.
At first she worked in a textile factory and married her co-worker Jacob Kersner. Their marriage was short and Goldman moved to New York City and became a member of the anarchist community. She became good friends with Alexander Berkman (another anarchist) and helped him plan the attempted-assassination of Henry Clay Frick, a rich man who treated his workers badly. Berkman was unsuccessful and spent fourteen years in prison, but Goldman was not punished.
Goldman did face many legal troubles though. In 1893 she was convicted of starting a riot and spent a year in prison. She was arrested in 1901 for allegedly conspiring in the assassination of President McKinley, but was never found guilty.
In 1916 she was spent time in prison for giving out information on birth control (which was a crime at the time). In 1917 she was arrested and spent two years in prison for not supporting World War I.
In 1919, Goldman and Berkman were deported (sent back) to Russia because the American government thought they were too dangerous. The Russian Revolution had just happened and Goldman was hopeful that Russia might end up being a good place. She ended up deciding that the revolution in Russia was not as good as she thought and that the Bolsheviks tricked many of the people in Russia. She thought the Bolsheviks were too controlling and were too powerful. She also did not like that the Soviet Union put lots of anarchists in jail for not agreeing with them.
She and Berkman left after two years and Goldman lived in many places in Europe, including England and France. In 1936 she moved to Spain to help the anarchists fight the fascists during the Spanish Civil War.
She died in Toronto May 14, 1940 of a stroke. She is buried near Chicago.

Hominoid
The main difference between monkeys and hominoids is that monkeys almost always have tails, but hominoids never do.
There are also differences between their teeth and the way they move their arms. Nonhuman hominoids are commonly referred to as apes.

Quarter
A Quarter is a fourth or 25 percent of something.
Money.
A quarter is also a type of money (used in places like the United States and Canada). Its amount is fourth of 1 dollar ($1) or 25 cents. In the United States, the quarter is used for vending machines, arcades, and a way to pay for expenses. The quarter is also collected by many as a hobby.

Macedonian_Empire
Macedon or Macedonia (from Greek)) was an ancient kingdom in northern ancient Greece. Near it was the kingdom of Epirus (which was west of it) and Thrace (which was east of it). A long time ago it was the most powerful kingdom in the Near East and present-day Pakistan after Alexander the Great conquered most of the world that was known in Europe. This was known as the Hellenistic period of Greek history. It was later conquered by the Roman Empire.

Olive_(color)
Olive is a kind of muddy green color. In actuality, it is really a shade of dark yellow (when gray is added to yellow, the various shades of the color olive are produced). Some dark shades of olive can also be made by mixing a darker color (like brown) with green.
The color of old U.S. Army field uniforms is a shade of olive called olive drab (shown below) that was used because it was hard to see against trees and grass.
The most common place you will find the color olive is on an olive. It is the color of the outside olive. An olive's center is usually brown or sometimes orange or red.
There is a mineral called olivine that is colored a pale olive color.
Meaning of olive.
Olive is one of the colors used in fashion when a conservative, moderate color is desired.
Olive is sometimes used for showing vomit in animated films.

Bark
Bark is the covering of the stems of woody plants, like trees. Bark protects the tree. Bark of different plants and trees can look very different, it can be rough or smooth and can have different colors.

Chen_Dynasty
Chen Dynasty 陳朝 (557-589) was the fourth and the last of the Southern dynasties in China. It was defeated by the Sui Dynasty. This dynasty was weak, because its leaders were bad as rulers and unfair.

American_Graffiti
"American Graffiti" is a 1973 movie directed by George Lucas. This was Lucas' second movie and made him very well known. The events in the movie take place in 1962 in Modesto, California. It is about what happens to a group of teenagers one night while they are driving around town and listening to radio DJ Wolfman Jack.

Greenwich_Village
Greenwich Village is an area on the western part of southern/downtown Manhattan. It is sometimes called "The Village". The Village is mainly residential.
Location.
Greenwich Village is bordered by Broadway to the east, Hudson River to the west, Houston Street to the south and 14th Street to the north.
Layout.
Originally, Greenwich Village was a hamlet separate to New York City. It does not have a formal grid plan for its streets like much of Manhattan.
History.
The village is located on what used to be marshland. In the 16th century, Native Americans called it "Sapokanikan" which means "tobacco field". In the 1630s, it was turned into pasture by the Dutch, who called it "Noortwyck". In 1664, when the English captured the Dutch settlement of New Amsterdam, and Greenwich Village developed as a hamlet.
In 1712, it officially became a village, and was named Grin'wich in the 1713 Common Council records. Following a yellow fever epidemic in 1822, many New York residents moved to the healthier air of Greenwich; where many stayed. In the 19th century, it was known as Washington Square.

Kick
In hand-to-hand combat, in martial arts and sports, a kick is a blow with the foot, the knee or the leg. It is used in combat as an attack. Generally, the kicks are slower than the punches although stronger than the blows with hands.
The kicks are a fundamental part in many martial arts. The examples are: wushu, karate, kickboxing, tangsudo or taekwondo; whereas other arts do not use any kick, as it is in the case of judo or of boxing. Other martial arts can use kicks, although they limit them to attacks to the legs and to the lower parts of the body of the opponent.
There exists a great number of kicks, and a lot of them have typical names for each one. Frequently the same movement has different names in different martial arts. This is obvious especially when comparisons are done between western arts and oriental arts.
Usual kicks.
(1) The front kicks and side kicks, in "penetrating" form, on the lower member are entitled between the professionals especially for certain titles, but not in all the lands.
(2) There exist numerous hybrid kicks, such as the "side-front" que the "side kick" with the hips rather frontal what allows an instant connection of the techniques of fist much useful in active defense
Spinning and jumping kicks.
(*) Certain techniques can be spinning and jumping at the same time.

Piracy
Piracy is a crime that people do on ships which are at sea. Pirates (those are the names of the people who commit piracy) usually have small and fast boats. They use these boats to enter large ships, which are usually cargo ships. As of 2006, the cargo ships that travel the oceans are huge. They usually have very few crew members. "Crew" is what the people are called that man a boat, and that work on that boat. Since the ships are huge, they usually carry a lot of money in the ship safe deposit. This money is used to pay the crew, and to pay for the taxes to stay at a port, or to pass through a channel.
Modern-day pirates usually enter the boat to get that money. In the process, they may kill the crew, or hold them for ransom. In very few cases, they may also take over the ship, and sell its cargo. Pirates are also known for their love of gold and treasure.

Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band was an album released by The Beatles. It was the 9th Beatles album to be released in Britain. It was released on June 1st, 1967, and stayed at the top of the charts for twenty-seven weeks. It has lots of well-known songs such as McCartney's "When I'm Sixty-Four" and "A Day in the Life," which Lennon and McCartney worked on together. For a while before this album came out, the Beatles had been trying new things when they made records, but this album made a much bigger change in the way they sounded. In the first two songs, Ringo Starr uses the alias of Billy Shears.
Songs on the album.
All songs are by Lennon/McCartney unless otherwise specified.

Montesquieu
Charles-Louis de Secondat, Baron de La Brède et de Montesquieu (January 18, 1689 – February 10, 1755), more commonly known as Montesquieu, was a French political thinker. He lived during the Enlightenment. He is famous for his theory of separation of powers. This theory is taken for granted in modern discussions of government. Many constitutions all over the world use it. He was largely responsible for the making the terms "feudalism" and "Byzantine Empire" popular.
Political views.
Montesquieu saw that there were two types of powers: the sovereign and the administrative. The administrative powers were the legislative, the executive, and the judiciary. These powers should be divided up so that each power would have a power over the other. This was radical because it completely eliminated the three "Estates" structure of the French Monarchy. These were the aristocracy, clergy, and third estate from the estates. It abolished any vestige of a feudalistic structure.
There were also three main forms of government. These were
Montesquieu believed that the best form of government was a monarchy, and he thought the British constitution was ideal.
Like many of his generation, Montesquieu held a number of views that might today be judged controversial. While he endorsed the idea that a woman could run a government, he thought that she could not be effective as the head of a family. He firmly accepted the role of a hereditary aristocracy and the value of primogeniture. Hereditary means that the title passes form the parents to the children. His views have also been abused by modern revisionists; for instance, even though Montesquieu was ahead of his time as an ardent opponent of slavery, he has been quoted out of context in attempts to show he supported it.
One of his more exotic ideas, outlined in "The Spirit of the Laws" and hinted at in "Persian Letters", is the climate theory. It says that climate should substantially influence the nature of man and his society. Montesquieu even thinks that certain climates are better than others. The temperate climate of France is the best of possible climates in his opinion. His view is that people living in hot countries are "too hot-tempered", while those in northern countries are "icy" or "stiff." The climate in middle Europe therefore breeds the best people. (This view is possibly influenced by similar statements in "Germania" by Tacitus, one of Montesquieu's favourite authors.)
It was Montesquieu's philosophy that "government should be set up so that no man need be afraid of another" that prompted the creators of the Constitution to divide the U.S. government into three separate branches.

Pleiades_(mythology)
The Pleiades are seven nymphs in Greek mythology, and companions of Artemis. They were the seven daughters of Atlas and the nymph Pleione. They were all born on Mount Cyllene, which is in Arcadia.

Sky_High_(2005_movie)
"Sky High" is a 2005 movie from Walt Disney Pictures, starring Kurt Russell.
Plot.
This movie is about superheroes. Will Stronghold has two superhero parents. His dad, Steve, is The Commander, who is very strong. His mother, Josie, is Jetstream, who can fly. Will is expected to have great powers of his own, but he finds that he doesn't have any. He enters his school, Sky High, where the students are sorted into "hero" and "sidekick." Will is given the position of a sidekick and takes different classes than the hero track. He later tells his dad about this, who is not happy that his son won't be like him.
At school, Will also has an enemy named Warren Peace. The Commander put Warren's father away for three life terms. During a lunch, Warren gets very mad at Will and starts throwing fireballs, which is his superpower. Will dives under a bench. It is here his power comes to him; super strength, like his dad. He manages to defeat Warren and both are put in a time out room where their powers do not work. His mother is not happy, but his dad is very happy that Will has powers. Steve shows Will the hiding place where the Stronghold family does all of their activities.
Will's new powers put him up in the hero track, where he is partnered with a girl named Gwen Grayson. Will soon falls for Gwen and doesn't keep up with the friends he made as a sidekick. Will has an old friend named Layla, whose power is to grow plants. Will gets more popular. Gwen gets him to invite all the popular kids for a party. When Layla comes over to tell Will that she loves him, Gwen stops her and tells her that Will has new friends. Layla is upset. When Will learns about it, he breaks off the date. He was going to go to the prom with Gwen, but now decides to stay home.
His parents go to the prom instead. There was going to be a ceremony to honor the best superhero of all time. During the prom, however, it is revealed that Gwen is really a villain named Royal Pain. The Commander thought he killed her off, but when he zapped her, she simply became a baby instead. The years passed and she grew into another teenager. Royal Pain puts on her suit and uses her weapon to make everyone become babies.
Will comes on down to the school. He is very sorry for how he acted as a hero and tells his sidekick friends that he needs all of their help to beat Royal Pain. Lash and Speed, two bullies on Royal Pain's side, are knocked out. Ethan tricks Lash and stuffs his head down the toliet. Then he becomes a puddle of ooze, which causes Carbon Copy to slip. Warren, now on Will's side, throws fireballs to knock Carbon Copy down.
Magenta, whose power is to become a rat, climbs into the system and tries to disable it, otherwise the school will fall from orbit and everyone will die. Penny, a cheerleader who can make multiple copies of herself, surrounds Layla. Layla doesn't want to fight, but when they hit her, she uses her power to make all the plants come out and bind the cheerleaders down.
Will finds Royal Pain outside. She has loaded all the babies onto the bus and will retrain them to be bad people. He tells her to put his father down. They fight. Will is winning when Layla bursts in, distracting Will. Royal Pain manages to throw Will out of the window. All seems lost when Will appears in the window – he too has Josie's power of flying. He then kicks Royal Pain out of the window. The school begins to fall down. Will goes outside and uses his power to try to keep the school from hitting the ground. Magneta cuts the wire in time and saves the school from crashing into the ground.
Steve and Josie give their award to all of the sidekicks that helped out. All of the villainsa re put into the time-out room.

Harmonic
Harmonics is a short term for harmonics of a wave motion, or wave motion harmonics. Harmonics are waves added to a fundamental wave (of any radiant energy, for example sound or electricity), having a frequency that is a whole multiple (an integer) of the fundamental frequency. The second harmonic has a frequency twice that of the fundamental, the third harmonic three times, and so on. Frequencies that lie between one harmonic and another harmonic are called interharmonics.

Conn_Smythe_Trophy
The Conn Smythe Trophy is a trophy in the National Hockey League awarded to the most valuable player in the playoffs each year. It was first awarded in 1965. Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche goaltender Patrick Roy has won it three times, more than any other player.
Normally the trophy goes to a player of the Stanley Cup champion. Sometimes it goes to someone on the losing team. Trophy winners on losing teams are marked with as asterisk (*) in the list below.

Hiram_E._McCallum
Hiram E. McCallum (1900 - January 13, 1989) was a mayor of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, from 1948-1951.

Mask
A mask is a type of clothing that someone can use to hide their face.
Uses.
There are many reasons why people use masks. A person can use masks to make it so that others do not know who they are (like when a robber steals from a bank) or use it to keep someones face safe from harm (like a gas mask to make it so that harmful gases do not get into your body).
Origin.
The word "mask" might have came from other languages. "Mask" might have came from the French word "masque", the Italian word "maschera", the Spanish word "máscara", the Latin (not classical) word "mascus/masca (meaning "ghost")" or the Arabic word "maskharah (meaning "jester" or "man in masquerade")".
The oldest mask found is the Mask of Warka. It is about five thousand years old.

Głuchołazy
Głuchołazy ("Bad Ziegenhals") is a town in Poland, in Opole Voivodship, in Nysa County. It had a population of 15,052 in 2004.

Cardcaptor_Sakura
"Cardcaptor Sakura" is a manga series from Japan. It is also an anime series. "Cardcaptor Sakura" is sometimes abbreviated as CCS.
CCS was created in 1996. CCS was created by a team of artists named CLAMP. CLAMP has created many other series, but CCS is one of the most popular.
CCS has been translated into English by a company named Nelvana. The name of the translated version is "Cardcaptors".
Story.
The story is about a young girl named Sakura who saves the world. The magical Clow Cards are missing, and Sakura must find them. When she finds the Clow Cards, the world will be safe.There are 3 seasons of CCS. After she finds all cards she mustt face Yue with Shaoran to see who gets to be Clow Card Master!
Sakura has many friends who help her. The story is also about Sakura's friendships.
Characters.
The characters' Japanese names are followed by their English names.
Media.
"Cardcaptor Sakura" is shown in many countries around the world. CCS is popular, because it is very cute. There are many posters and many toys about CCS.

Ribose
Ribose is a five-carbon sugar. It is found in RNA (ribonucleic acid).
D-Ribose is taken as a herbal supplement. Victims of fibromyalgia often report reduced pain and increased energy with little or no side effects.

Fort_Collins,_Colorado
Fort Collins is a city in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is near the Cache la Poudre River and home of Colorado State University.

Sherpa
The Sherpa are an ethnic group in Nepal, who live in the higher parts of the Himalayas. They often help guide people through the mountains. They also sometimes live on the trail of Mt. Everest. A well known Sherpa is Tenzing Norgay, who helped Edmund Hillary climb to the top of Mt. Everest.

Nicolaus_Copernicus
Nicolaus Copernicus (Niklas Koppernigk, in Polish: "Mikołaj Kopernik", February 19, 1473 – May 24, 1543) was an astronomer. People know Copernicus for his ideas about the sun and the earth. His main idea was that our world is "heliocentric", from helios - sun. He wrote about his theory that the sun was in the middle of the solar system in his epochal book, "De revolutionibus orbium coelestium" (On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres).
Copernicus was born in 1473 in the city of Thorn (Toruń), in Royal Prussia, a mainly German-speaking region that a few years earlier had become a part of the Kingdom of Poland. He was taught first in Cracow and then in Italy, where he graduated as lawyer of the church. He studied also medicine to serve his fellow clerics. Copernicus spent most of his life working and researching in Frauenburg (Frombork), Warmia, where he died in 1543.
Copernicus was one of the great polymaths of his age. He was a priest, mathematician, astronomer, doctor, jurist, physician, classical scholar, governor, administrator, diplomat, economist, and even lead soldiers. During all these jobs, he treated astronomy like a hobby. However, his formula of how the sun, rather than the earth, is at the center of the universe is thought to be one of the most important scientific hypotheses in history. Many people believe it was the beginning of modern astronomy.

Bob_Geldof
Robert Frederick Xenon "Bob" Geldof, KBE (born 5 October 1954) is an Irish singer, songwriter, and political activist. Geldof was a member of the band the Boomtown Rats. He also helped to organise the Live Aid and Live 8 events, and to form the Band Aid charity group.
He has an honorary knighthood. Because he is not a British citizen, he should never be called "Sir" Geldof.

Røldalsvatnet
Røldalsvatnet is a lake in Odda, Hordaland, Norway. The length around it is 20.64 km, its area is 6.99 km² and it is 380 meters above sea level.

Cane
A cane is stick from a piece of wood, or sometimes of metal. It is used by someone to help support themself when they are walking. A person might need a cane because of their age, or weight, or for another reason.

Tent
The tent is a movable, lightweight shelter which uses thinfabric to protect people from wind and rain. The fabric walls of a tent are supported by wood or metal poles and thin ropes (called "guy lines"), and the tent or the ropes are usually attached to the ground with plastic or metal pointed stakes.
Uses.
Tents are usually used as shelter during camping, hiking, and other outdoor recreational activities. Large tents are also used to provide temporary shelter for events such as outdoor weddings or circuses. Tents are also used to provide temporary sleeping quarters for military personnel or homeless people, or for people who have been displaced by a disaster (such as refugees).

Colleen_Fitzpatrick
Colleen Ann Fitzpatrick (born June 27, 1972 in Old Bridge, New Jersey) is an American singer and actor. Her stage name is Vitamin C. Before she started her solo career, she was the lead singer of the band Eve's Plum.

Deer
Deer are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals. They form the family "Cervidae". They are also called true deer.
A male deer is called "stag" or "buck", a female deer is called "doe", and a young deer is called "fawn".
There are about 40 species of deer. They originally lived in Europe, Asia, North America and South America. Humans also brought deer to Australia and New Zealand.
Male deer have antlers. Exceptions are the Reindeer, where both sexes have antlers, and the Water Deer, which has no antlers at all.
Live.
Deer do not make nests or dens. They find a safe and comfortable place to rest under low hanging evergreen branches. They stay close to where they can find food. In summer, they eat grasses, plants and weeds. In the fall, they like mushrooms and small branches. They do not store their food for the winter. If the snow is not deep, they use their hooves to uncover moss and leaves. If the snow is deep, they eat twigs and branches.
The doe usually has 1 or 2 fawns in the spring. The fawn can stand up right after it is born, but it is weak. The doe will hide each fawn in a different place. They are hard to see because they often have spots on their backs.
Deer have many enemies. Wolves, cougar, dogs and people will eat deer. They are always looking, listening and smelling for danger. They can usually run faster than their enemies.

Newbury,_Berkshire
Newbury is a small historical market town in Berkshire, England, with many buildings from the 16th century, the world famous Newbury racecourse, and the Lambourn horse training stables.
Newbury is home to many kinds of people from different cultures. It is easy to get there from the M4 motorway and has airport and train links.

Dynamic_Host_Configuration_Protocol
The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is a protocol related to computers and networks. Very often it is abbreviated to DHCP.It was made so that computers could get access to the network automatically. To be able to access the Internet (or any computer network), an address is needed. The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol allows for this address to be obtained automatically. Other data, like a DNS Nameserver, or a time server can also be obtained that way. Finally, computers that support it, can even get a disk image they boot from over the network.
The address can be dynamic (it can change), or it can be static (it stays the same). After a certain time, the address lease has to be renewed.

Nike_(mythology)
Nike is the goddess of victory in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of Styx and Pallas and the sister of Cratos, Bia, and Zelus. Nike and her brothers and sister were all friends of Zeus.
Nike could run very fast, had wings and brings good luck. She is usually worshipped at the same time as Athena. Nike is often linked with sport, with companies named for her like Nike Inc. A picture of Nike also appears in all the medals for the Summer Olympics.
The most famous statue of Nike is the Winged Victory of Samothrace. This is now in the Louvre, which is a museum in Paris, France.

Keres
The Keres are female death spirits in Greek mythology, and were the daughters of Erebus and Nyx. They look very dark and have sharp teeth, claws and like the taste of blood. The Keres look around battlefields for hurt people and people who are dying.

Sioux_Falls,_South_Dakota
Sioux Falls (pronounced "sue falls") is the largest city in the U.S. state of South Dakota. As of the 2000 census, it had a population of 123,975. Sioux Falls is the county seat of Minnehaha County.It is in the eastern part of the state.
The city was incorporated in 1876.

Olga_Bondarenko
Olga Bondarenko (maiden name Krentser) (b. 2 June 1960 in Slavgorod, Altai Krai, Russia) is a long-distance runner. Running for the U.S.S.R., she won the 10,000 metre race at the 1988 Olympic Games, and the 3,000 metre race at the 1986 European Championships. Earlier she had set a world record for the 10,000 m event, at 31 minutes, 13.78 seconds, in Kiev in 1984. Her first world-class gold medal was a first place finish in the 5,000 m race at the 1986 Goodwill Games in Moscow.

Ancient_history
Ancient history is history from when human history began until the early Middle Ages or the end of the Roman Empire in about 476 AD. The word "antiquity" usually means ancient history that is before the start of Ancient Greek history in about 776 BC. Ancient Rome also began at about this time.
Study of ancient history.
Finding facts about ancient history is difficult because people wrote less in those times and some of what they did write has been lost. Not many people could read and write in ancient history so people did not write about history then. There were very small numbers of copies made because there was no printing press. What people wrote they wrote by hand. More people could read and write in Ancient Rome than in other places but much of what they wrote is now lost. Historians look at things that were made and used in ancient history to learn more about it.
Archaeology.
Archaeology is looking at things that were made or used in the past to find out more about that time. Things like clay pots, solid tools, and metal weapons can stay the same during a long time. Things like paper, wood, and cloth can be easily broken or damaged.
Primary sources.
These are things written by people who lived in ancient history. They tell us most of what we know about ancient history. But people in ancient history may have believed different things from each other. They may also be wrong.
Herodotus, Josephus, Livy, Polybius, Suetonius, Tacitus, Thucydides and Sima Qian.

Harmonia
Harmonia is the goddess of harmony in Greek mythology.
Origins.
She is the daughter of Ares and Aphrodite, and the mother of Ino, Polydorus, Autonoe, Agaue and Semele with Kadmos. She is the opposite of Eris, who is the goddess of strife.

Iambe
Iambe was the goddess of rhyme and merriment in Greek mythology. She was the daughter of Pan and Echo.
Iambic pentameter.
Iambe created the iambic pentameter verse pattern in poetry. This is a metered verse with two different sounds, and it was named after Iambe. The imabic pentameter verse is used by many poets, one of which is William Shakespeare.
Demeter.
The goddess, Demeter, was sad about loosing her daughter, Persephone. It was only Iambe who was able to make Demeter laugh. She did this by using poetry and wit to cheer Demeter up. When Demeter was not sad any more, the earth became fertile again. Iambe then became Demeter's first priestess.

Viola_sororia
"Viola sororia", also known as "Viola papilionacea", common blue violet, common meadow violet, and purple violet is a species of violets. It is a perennial flowering plant that lives in most of eastern North America.
The common blue violet is the state flower of the U.S. states of Rhode Island, Illinois, and New Jersey.
In developed areas it is often said to be a weed because it grows well in lawns.

2040
Centuries: 20th century - 21st century - 22nd century
Decades: 1990s 2000s 2010s 2020s 2030s - 2040s - 2050s 2060s 2070s 2080s 2090s
Years: 2035 2036 2037 2038 2039 - 2040 - 2041 2042 2043 2044 2045
The year 2040 (MMXL) in the Gregorian calendar corresponds to 5800 and 5801 in the Hebrew calendar. It will also be a leap year.

Hangul
Hangul is the alphabet used with the Korean language.
The letters do not look like English letters, they have very much their own look.
Also they are combined into blocks, you could say they are written in zig-zag.
Vowels.
Vowels are letters like A, E, O and so on
There are 21 letters for vowels in Hangul.
Those with two small marks are pronounced with an extra "y" first.
Consonants.
Consonants are letters like B, G, L, M, N, S and so on.
There are 14 simple consonants: ㄱㄴㄷㄹㅁㅂㅅㅇㅈㅊㅋㅌㅍㅎ
They can be written two next to each other.
Blocks.
The consonants and vowels are combined into blocks of syllables. A syllable means one vowel and a few consonants, like "han" and "gul".
The blocks look like these examples: 서울 한글 평양

Ostrów_Mazowiecka
Ostrów Mazowiecka is a main town of Ostrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland.

Sistine_Chapel
The Sistine Chapel is a large chapel in the Vatican Palace, the place in Italy where the Pope lives. The Chapel was built between 1473 and 1481 by Giovanni dei Dolci for Pope Sixtus IV.
The Sistine Chapel is the Pope's own chapel. It is used for important Masses and ceremonies. When a pope dies, the College of Cardinals meet in the Sistine Chapel to elect a new pope.
The Sistine Chapel is famous for its fresco paintings by the Renaissance painter Michelangelo.
Architecture and paintings.
The Sistine Chapel is a brick building shaped like a rectangle. The outside is plain, with no decoration and no big door. It has a walk-way near the top, for soldiers.
It has six arched windows on its two side walls and a curved ceiling called a barrel vault.
The inside of the chapel is richly decorated. The floor is of coloured marble. The lower parts of the walls are painted to look like gold and silver cloth.
The other decorations in the chapel are paintings which tell stories to help people understand about Jesus Christ and about the Roman Catholic Church.
The middle part of the walls has 12 large paintings called frescoes, done by famous artists in 1481. The artists' names were Domenico Ghirlandaio, Sandro Botticelli, Perugino, Cosimo Rosselli, Pinturicchio, Benedetto Ghirlandaio, Luca Signorelli and Bartolomeo della Gatta.
The frescoes show stories from the Bible. On the north side, the stories are about the life of Moses. On the south side, they are about the life of Jesus.
Above the stories, near the windows, are painted pictures of Popes.
Sistine Chapel ceiling.
The ceiling is the most famous part of the Sistine Chapel, and many thousands of visitors go to see it.
In 1505 Pope Julius II asked Michelangelo to paint the ceiling. Michelangelo was a famous sculptor. He did not want to be a painter. Three years later, he agreed to paint the ceiling. He worked from 1508 to 1511, standing on a high platform with his arms stretched above his head.
(Although some people think that he lay down to paint, this is not true.) Because he painted onto wet plaster, the smell and the heat was terrible. He wrote a poem about how sick he was.
Along the centre of the ceiling are painted nine pictures that tell stories from the Book of Genesis in the Old Testament of the Bible. The stories start with three pictures of God making light, making the Earth, the Sun and the Moon, and making the Sea and Sky.
The next three pictures tell the story of the first man and woman, Adam and Eve. In the first scene, God has just made Adam. He reaches out his hand and touches his finger to give him Life.
In the next picture, Adam is asleep and God makes Eve from one of Adam's ribs.
In the third picture there are two scenes. Adam and Eve are tricked by the Devil to eat fruit from the tree that they have been told not to touch. In the other scene, an angel chases them out of God's Garden of Eden. This story tells how sin came into the world.
The last three pictures are about Noah's Ark. They tell about a sad and sinful world. Because of human sin and unkindness, God sends a flood. Only Noah and his family escape in the large boat that they build. When the flood has ended, they make an altar and kill a sheep as a sacrifice to God. But then Noah grows grape vines, makes wine and gets drunk. One of his sons sees Noah lying naked and laughs at his father. Noah is ashamed and curses his son. These stories show how people keep acting the wrong way, even when they get a second chance.
All around the wall, Michelangelo painted twelve big figures of wise men and women. These were the prophets and sibyls who told people that God would send Jesus Christ to save them from sin.
Also painted on the ceiling are 20 beautiful young men called the "ignudi". No-one knows what they are for sure, but perhaps they are angels.
When the ceiling was finally uncovered, everyone was amazed. Giorgio Vasari, who wrote Mchelangelo's life story, says that hundreds of people came every day to stare and stare.
The Last Judgement.
Michelangelo was happy to get back to his sculpture. But in 1537 Pope Paul III ordered him to paint another large fresco. This time it was on the wall above the altar. It was finished in 1541.
Michelangelo painted "The Last Judgement" which shows Jesus judging the people of the Earth and sending some to Hell while others are welcomed into Heaven by Saints. He painted most of the figures naked. This made some of the priests in the church very angry. They paid another artist to paint clothes onto the Blessed Virgin Mary and many of the other figures.

Titus_Andronicus
"Titus Andronicus" (c. 1589–1592) is the first tragedy play by William Shakespeare. Most of its theme, structure and language comes from "The Spanish Tragedy" by Thomas Kyd.

Aristophanes
Aristophanes (born around 450-445 BC – died around 385 BC) was a Greek writer who wrote 40 plays. However, only 11 of his plays survive in their entirety. He is famous for writing comedies (funny plays), and even today his plays make people laugh.
Many of the jokes in his plays relate to sex. For example, "Lysistrata" is about a group of women who protest a war by not having sexual intercourse with their husbands until the war is ended.
Another well known play by Aristophanes is "The Frogs".

Pop_punk
Pop-Punk or Punk-Pop, is a form of popular music that blends punk rock with pop music and rock music. Pop-punk music has a lighter, happier sound than most punk rock and hardcore punk music. Most punk rock and hardcore punk music sounds angry and harsh, and has lyrics (words) about protest and anger.
Late 1970s and 1980s pop-punk.
There are several types of pop-punk. An early type of pop-punk was developed right after Punk rock became popular in the late 1970s. Most of this kind of music is very much like Punk rock, but it features things from other kinds of music like pop music and older rock music, and country music, so different people can enjoy it. Some people call the Ramones a pop-punk band. The Ramones were a band from the United States.
1990s pop-punk.
In the 1990s, pop-punk became very popular in North America. Bands such as Green Day and Blink-182 sold millions of recordings and did many tours.
Present day.
In the 2000s, which is the decade we are in now, many bands have joined, or contributed to the pop punk genre. They include Relient K, FM Static, Hawk Nelson, Amber Pacific and Fall Out Boy
Controversy.
Some people who like 1970s punk rock or 1980s hardcore punk do not like pop-punk. The 1970s punk rock or 1980s hardcore punk was usually angry, rebellious protest music. In contrast, 1990s pop-punk songs are nicer and lighter. Some people think 1990s pop-punk is too commercialized and nothing like the older punk music from the 1970s and 1980s.

Bydgoszcz
Bydgoszcz is a city in the north of Poland, capital of Kujavia-Pomerania voivodship, located on the Brda and Wisła rivers. The population is 368,000 people (8th place in Poland).

Borderless_country
A borderless country (also sometimes called island nation) is a country that is made up only of islands. Each island only belongs to that country, there are no neighbors. Examples of borderless countries are Iceland, Japan, and São Tomé and Príncipe.

Walter_Mikac
Walter Mikac is an Australian writer and motivational speaker.
Walter Mikac's wife and two small children were killed at the Port Arthur massacre. He wrote a book called "Circle of Life: Sustenance for the Soul". It is about handling grief and tragedy. He helped create the Alannah and Madeline Foundation to help children who are the victims of violent crime

African_American_Vernacular_English
African American Vernacular English (AAVE) is a name for the way some black persons talk. Linguists who study various spoken forms of language gave it its name. Some non-black persons use this dialect, too. Some of its pronunciations and grammar resemble the way people talk in West Africa.
It first came about in the 16th and 17th centuries.The African-slaves developed a way to communicate["citation needed"] among all their various tribes.
African American Vernacular English became famous in 1996, when some educators in Oakland, California said they wanted to use AAVE to help teach black kids. They called it Ebonics. However, Ebonics often has a negative connotation.
There are many rules that govern how the sounds of AAVE are different from Standard English. Some have to do with pronunciation and vocabulary (or lexicon). Most have to do with grammar. This includes verb tenses, and sentence structure.
Hip hop music has made AAVE more famous since the 1980s. Some people think it is cool and they try to speak it or learn it even if they are not really familiar with it. Some non-black people can speak it well.

Robert_Wadlow
Robert Pershing Wadlow (February 22 1918–July 15 1940) was one of the tallest people who ever lived. He was born in Alton, Illinois, USA.
Height.
Robert Wadlow was normal at birth but started growing abnormally when he was 4. He was 6 feet tall by the time he entered 3rd grade. By the time he was 19, he was almost 8 ft. tall. Because he was so tall, he got lots of attention and became very famous, but his bones were very weak and he had to wear leg braces. In 1940, he was walking in a Fourth of July parade, when one of his braces made his ankle get infected; he died on the 15th of that month. When he died he was 8' 11.1". Robert is 6'5 on his knees
Death.
Four days later, on his funeral, 40,000 people attended and it took 12 people to carry his coffin. People remember him as the "Gentle Giant" and there is a statue of him at the Southern Illinois University Edwardsville School of Dental Medicine. People now say Wadlow had something called giantism, which made him so tall.

Kate_Fischer
Kate Fischer (born November 30, 1973) is an Australian model and actress. She was a very famous model for a long time. She had a job working on television on a cartoon program with a puppet called "Agro". She was in a movie called "Sirens" with Elle Macpherson and Sam Neill.

John_C._Calhoun
John Caldwell Calhoun (March 18, 1782 – March 31, 1850) was the vice-president for Andrew Jackson, an American President. Calhoun is probably best remembered for his strong belief in supporting nullification, which said any US state had the right to reject a federal law if it wanted to. Jackson hated nullification and the disagreement that started the feud between him and President Andrew Jackson!

Port_Arthur,_Tasmania
Port Arthur is a small town on the Tasman Peninsula, in Tasmania, Australia. It is about 80 km south east of the state capital, Hobart. It was settled as a penal colony (a very large prison for convicts). Port Arthur is now one of Australia's most important historic areas. It is officially Tasmania's top tourist attraction. In 1996 the worst mass murder in Australian history took place here.
At the 2006 Census, Port Arthur and the local area had a population of 499.
Australia's largest penal colony.
Image:PortArthur aerial2.jpg|thumb|Main prison area, Port Arthur
Port Arthur was named after Van Diemen's Land lieutenant governor George Arthur. It started as a place to cut down timber from the forests in 1830. It is best known for being a penal colony. From 1833, until the 1853, criminals from United Kingdom and Ireland were sent to Port Arthur as convicts. The prisoners were kept busy ship with jobs including building the prison, shoemaking, smithing, timber and brick making. In the 1840's there were more than 1100 prisoners. In 1842 the prisoners built a hospital and a big flour mill and grain store. This was later turned into a cell block. After 1853 convicts from other prisons in Australia were sent to Port Arthur if they did more crimes, or would not behave properly.
In 1864 they started building the Asylum to hold the prisoners who had become insane. During the 1860's and 1870's the prisoners left at the prison were either too old, too sick, or insane to keep working. The prison closed in 1877.
The Separate Prison.
Port Arthur has the best example of a "Separate Prison" system. This system was started at Pentonville prison in London. The Separate Prison (sometimes called the Model Prison) was started in 1848, finished in 1853 and made bigger in 1855. It has 80 prison cells built in the shape of a cross. In the centre is a hall and a chapel. There are exercise yards built between the arms of the cross. The Separate system was a change in the way that prisoners were treated. Instead of physical punishment the system used psychological (mind) punishment. It was thought that physical punishment, such as whippings, only made prisoners worse. It did not turn bad people into good people. In the Separate prison they used the "Silent System". Prisoners wore a hood over their heads. They were not allowed to talk or make any noise. The guards wore special shoes and walked on mats so they wouldn't make any noise. Even in the chapel, each prisoner was kept in a separate wooden box where they could only see the altar. The prisoners were supposed to use the quiet time to think about the bad things they had done. Port Arthur was seen as the best prison in Australia.
An Inescapable Prison.
Port Arthur was a natural prison. It is on the Tasman Peninsula which is almost completely surrounded by the sea. It is joined to the rest of Tasmania by a small narrow piece of land about 30 metres wide. This is called Eaglehawk Neck. The Neck had a fence, prison guards, and savage dogs to stop prisoners from leaving. There was no contact between visiting seamen and prisoners. Ships had to give the guards their sails and oars when they arrived to stop people leaving without permission. A semaphore message system was also set up between Port Arthur and Hobart. Messages could be sent in just 15 minutes.
Escape from Port Arthur was said to be impossible, like Alcatraz Island in the United States. Some prisoners did try to escape. One prisoner, George "Billy" Hunt, covered himself with a kangaroo skin and tried to get across the Neck. The hungry guards on duty tried to shoot him to make an extra meal. When he saw them pointing their guns, Hunt gave himself up. He was whipped 150 times. Bushranger Martin Cash successfully escaped along with two others.
The Boys' Prison.
Image:Point Puer Isle Dead.jpg|thumb|Point Puer left, Isle of the Dead in centre, and main prison top left
The British Empire's first boys' prison was built on Point Puer, 3 kms across Opossum Bay from Port Arthur. Puer is the Latin word for boy. It was for young boys, some as young as 9, like James Lynch, arrested for stealing toys. The boys were kept away from the main convict area. About 3,500 boys were sent to Point Puer. Like the adults, the boys were given hard work such as stone cutting and building. There was also a school run by 2 ex-convicts.. One prisoner was James Gavagan. When he was 11 he stole some umbrellas. He was sent to Tasmania for 7 years. He arrived at Point Puer in 1835. When he turned 17, he was sent to the main prison at Port Arthur. He was released in March 1842.. There is only a few stones left to mark the site of the boys' prison.
The Church.
Image:Port Arthur Kirche.jpg|thumb|The church at Port Arthur
The convicts built one of Australia's first non-denominational churches, built in a gothic style. All prisoners had to go to the church every Sunday. People who didn't like the new prison system said that this didn't seem to make the prisoners into good people.
Isle of the Dead.
Image:Henry Savery memorial stone, Isle of the Dead, Tasmania.jpg|thumb|Headstone on the Isle of the Dead
Port Arthur was seen as a much better prison, and would make the convicts better people. But life at Port Arthur was just as hard and brutal as other penal colonies. Some critics might even say that its use of psychological punishment, together with no hope of escape, made it one of the worst. Some stories say that prisoners would murder others to escape the prison. Murder would be punished by death. The Island of the Dead is a small island in the bay near Port Arthur. Everyone who died at the penal colony was buried on the island. There 1646 graves on the island, but only 180, mainly those of prison staff, have a headstone.
Convict Railway.
The first railway in Australia was a human powered railway at Port Arthur. The railway was built in 1836. The line ran from the beach at Taranna, Tasmania for 7 kms to Port Arthur. It carried both people and supplies. It meant that ships from Hobart could unload in the calm water and not have to travel right around Cape Raoul to Port Arthur through rough seas. The carriage was pushed along the tracks by 4 convicts. Very little sign of the railway has survived. The State Library of Victoria has a drawing of the convict railway.
Convicts to Tourists.
When the penal colony closed in 1877 the area was renamed "Carnavon". During the 1880s the was sold and a small town was started. Many buildings were pulled down and the bricks sent to make new buildings in Hobart. Fires burned the area in 1895 and 1897 and ruined many of the old prison buildings. Some buildings were changed for the new town to make a post office and town hall.
Tourism started as soon as the prison closed. This brought money into the new town. Some of the old convicts gave guided tours of the prison. In 1927 tourism had grown so much the area's name was changed back to Port Arthur. 1916 saw the start of the Scenery Preservation Board (SPB) which looked after the Port Arthur site. By the 1970s the National Parks and Wildlife Service took over the site.
In 1979 the government gave money to protect the site as a tourist area, because of its historical importance. The post office and and town hall of Port Arthur were moved to nearby Nubeena. Several grand sandstone buildings, built by convicts were cleaned up. These buildings include the Separate Prison, the Round Tower, the church, and the remains of the main prison building. The buildings are surrounded by green grass.
The mass graves on The Island of the Dead also attract visitors. The air about the small bush-covered island is described as being sad and peaceful by visitors.
Tourists can either walk around the area themselves, or go on a guided tours. There are also late night "ghost tours". There is a museum, with written records, tools, clothing and other interesting things from convict times.
Since 1987 the site has been managed by the Port Arthur Historic Site Management Authority, paid for by the Tasmanian Government.
Massacre.
On 28 April 1996, Martin Bryant killed 35 people and hurt 37 others at Port Arthur. He was captured by the police. This is now called the Port Arthur massacre. This led to a national ban on semi-automatic shotguns and rifles. It also made a link between the Port Arthur and Dunblane, a Scottish town which also had a shooting that year.

Yarmouth
Yarmouth could mean one of the following places.
There have also been steamships named the SS Yarmouth and the SS Yarmouth Castle.

Toe
Toes are the "digits" of the foot of an animal. Many animal species walk on their toes, and are called "digitigrade". Humans, and other animals that walk on the soles of their feet, are "plantigrade"; hoofed animals are "unguligrade".
In humans, the bones of each toe continue all the way to the heel, although in from the base of the toes they come together in the body of the foot. The inside toe is by far the thickest, and is called the "big toe", "great toe", or "hallux".
The one on the other end is short and thin. The toes, especially the big toe, play an essential role in walking, although a loss of the smallest toe will not affect the way people move.

Kookaburra_Sport
Kookaburra Sport is an Australian company named after an Australian bird related to the kingfisher, which eats snakes and is, therefore, very valuable to the Australians.
Kookaburra makes and sells Cricket supplies which are used by amateurs and profesionals. They are one of the leading brands and are famous for their colourful and artistic designs.

CAF_Champions_League
The CAF Champions League is a football competition between the best club teams in Africa. The teams are selected because of good performances in matches.

Cable_television
Cable television is a way of letting people watch television without having to get signals from an antenna. The television signals are brought to the television through a cable. People usually have to pay to subscribe to cable television. With cable television, people can watch hundreds of television channels.you can have fun watching things for example, cartoons, shows, movies, idols, news and more.

Aaliyah
Aaliyah Dana Haughton (better known as Aaliyah) (January 16, 1979 – August 25, 2001, in an airplane crash) was an American rhythm and blues singer and actor. Her parents moved with her to Detroit, Michigan when she was twenty years old. She was going to be in the new "The Matrix Reloaded" film, but the filmmakers had to use another person after she died.

Secession
Secession usually means when part of one country breaks away, or leaves that country to start a new country. During the American Civil War, the South seceded from the United States.

Voltage
Voltage is the change in electric potential (meaning potential energy per unit charge) between two positions.
It is measured in volts. It was named after an Italian physicist Alessandro Volta who made the first chemical battery. Because it is similar in spelling with voltage, some scientists had made suggestions that it should be called "electric tension". Many other languages uses a word that means electric tension for voltage.
Mathematical definition.
Mathematically, the voltage is the amount of work needed to move a charge from one position to the other.
Measuring tools.
Some of the tools for measuring the voltage are the voltmeter, the potentiometer, and the oscilloscope. The voltmeter measures the current going through a fixed resistor, then the voltage can be found using Ohm's law. The potentiometer works by balancing the unknown voltage against the known voltage inside a ring created by two wires. The oscilloscope first increases voltage, then the oscilloscope uses the voltage to make the path of electrons bent. Then it uses the idea that the change in direction and the voltage are proportional to find the voltage.

Elastic_energy
Elastic potential energy is stored in objects that are stretched, compressed, bent, or twisted. It is the energy that represents the elastic distortion of a solid or a fluid. It is mainly used in physics.
Examples.
Examples of everyday objects that have Elastic potential energy would be elastic bands, springs, bungee cords, car shocks etc. Hooke's Law is one of the primary concepts needed to understand how Elastic Potential Energy works. Any spring that obeys Hooke's law is called an ideal spring.
Hooke's Law - the magnitude of the force exerted by a spring is directly proportional to the distance the spring has moved from equilibrium.
Ideal spring - a spring that obeys Hooke's law because it experiences no internal or external friction.
For example: Consider a spring, at its equillibrium position, that has one end attached to a wall. If the spring is then stretched away from the wall, the force exerted by the spring pulls the spring back towards the wall. On the other hand, if the spring is compressed towards the wall, the force exerted by the spring is working in the opposite direction of the applied force, and pushes away from the wall. This is what Hooke's law is trying to explain.
Equilibrium position - The position at which the spring rests.
Hooke's law.
formula_1
The force constant (k) is the proportionality constant of the spring. Springs that require a large force to stretch or compress them have large k values.
Note: Hooke's law applies to any elastic device that follows its conditions. It is not specifically dependant on just springs. The equation for the Force exerted by the spring is different than the energy being stored by the spring.
formula_2
Ee is the elastic potential energy, x is the position of the spring relative to the equilibrium position, and k is the force constant for the spring.
Note: The Elastic Potential Energy equation is very similar to Hooke's Spring Force equation. Hooke's Spring Force equation is actually used to derive the Elastic Potential Energy equation.

Moldovan_language
Moldovan ("Лимба молдовеняскэ, limba moldovenească") is the official language of the Republic of Moldova. It is the same as the Romanian language. The main difference is that Moldavan is sometimes written in Cyrillic alphabet, because the Moldavian SSR was part of the Soviet Union until 1989. In 1989 Moldova became its own country and they started to use the Latin alphabet just like in Romania. Still, the Moldovan government officially calls the language "Moldovan" and the rules for the language (like grammar) are decided by a different University than in Romania.
In the unrecognized state of Transnistria, one of the official languages is also Moldovan, along with Russian and Ukrainian. But here it is still written with the Cyrillic alphabet.

Janus
In Roman mythology, Janus was the god of doors and gates. His name also became the first month of the year, January.

Econometrics
Econometrics is a branch of economics. It is the use of statistical and mathematical methods to describe the relation between economic forces such as capital (any of the tools, work, or other things needed to make something useful), interest rates (the price of borrowing money), and labor.
Much of econometrics is making models which are simple pictures of the real world. These models then can be used to predict what will happen in the real world.
An example of econometrics would be looking at the prices of houses in a town. An economist (someone who studies economics) can try to make a simple picture of the house prices in the town. This picture might show that houses close to the market are worth more. An economist could then say that if a new market is made in another part of the town, home prices there might go up. The economist also might say that the new market could make prices less than before near the old one, because the new market will make it so that more houses are near a market. This would make the people who sell houses near a market sell them for less, since there could be more sellers than buyers.

Strategy
Strategy is a word which was first used by the military. A strategy is a long term plan on what to do to achieve a certain goal. When talking about the near future, people often use the word "tactics".
Today, the word "strategy" is in common use; people might talk about "business strategy", for example.

Handcuffs
Handcuffs are a type of restraint, mainly used by police, to prevent suspects from escaping, or hurting anyone. They are usually metal.
There are also some handcuffs that are made of plastic that are disposable (can be thrown away after being used once).

Pentagram
A Pentacle is a five pointed star, with all lines the same length and all angles the same.
A Pentagram is pentacle drawn in a circle so the points touch the circle.
The pentagram has has many meanings. To some people means peace, harmony and tranquility. As a religious symbol it is associated with Wicca, but other religions use too. To some people it means the five wounds of Jesus Christ (the nails in each hand and foot, and the spear wound in his side). In Taoism a pentagram shows how the religious elements (earth, water, wood, fire, and metal) are related. But pentacles and pentagrams have many meanings.
A Pentacle is on the flag of Morocco.
In old times the pentagram was a symbol for good and for protection against evil. In modern times people often mistakenly think that the pentagram itself symbolises evil. Some people also use an upside down pentagram to mean bad magic, evil and the Devil; some people think all pentagrams mean this. Satanists use this kind pentagram to mean their religion. Satanists call an upside down pentagram a "Baphomet". Some Wiccans call a pentagram a pentacle because of that, so people will not think they are evil. There are many times in literature where a pentagram is encountered. In Sir Gawain and The Green Knight, the pentagram is mentioned as a symbol for Gawain's good charachter and truth.

Baroque_music
Baroque music is an era and a set of styles of European classical music which were in use between about 1600 and 1750.
The word "Baroque" is used in other art forms besides music: we talk about Baroque architecture, painting, sculpture, dance and literature. The Baroque period comes between the Renaissance and the period of Classicism (the Classical Period).
Musicians think of the Baroque period as starting around 1600. The famous Renaissance composers Palestrina and Lassus had died a few years earlier. Opera was being invented. It was a time of musical change.
The change from writing music in the Baroque style to the Classical style was much more gradual. 1750 is the year that Bach died, so it is an easy date to choose for the end of the Baroque period.
The Baroque was a time when people liked large spaces and a lot of ornamentation. This can be seen in the architecture of famous buildings such as St. Peter's Basilica, Rome, or St. Paul’s Cathedral, London. They were built at this time. In Venice there were churches with galleries on either side of the church. Composers liked to write music for two groups of musicians placed in opposite galleries. Giovanni Gabrieli wrote a lot of music like this.
The idea of two contrasting groups was used a lot in Baroque music. Composers wrote concertos. These were pieces for orchestra and a solo instrument. Sometimes a concerto contrasted a group of solists with the rest of the orchestra. These are called by the Italian name "Concerti Grossi. Bach’s Brandenburg Concertos are good examples.
Organs, and some harpsichords, had at least two manuals (keyboards). The player could change from one manual to the other, contrasting two different sounds.
Baroque music was often a melody with a bass line at the bottom. This could be, for example, a singer and a cello. There was also a harpsichord or organ that played the bass line as well, and made up chords in between. Often the composer did not bother to write out all the chords (harmonies) but just showed some of the chords by figures, leaving it to the performer to decide exactly which notes to play. This is called “figured bass” or “basso continuo”. The soloist, who played or sang the melody on top, often put in lots of ornamental notes. Again: the composer did not write this all down but left it to the performer to improvise something nice around the notes he had written.
Because composers were now writing opera it was important for the audience to hear the words clearly. In the Renaissance the groups of a choir were often singing several different words at once. This was called “polyphony”. It sounded beautiful, but was no good for opera which is telling a story.
When a soloist in an opera sings a song (an aria) the aria is in a particular mood. They called this “affection”. There were several “affections” or moods: there were arias about revenge, jealousy, anger, love, despair, peaceful happiness etc. Each movement in a concerto also had one particular mood. Music from later periods is different. For example: Haydn in the Classical Period would often change its mood during a piece.
Giovanni Gabrieli (about 1553/6-1612)
Claudio Monteverdi (1567-1643)
Antonio Vivaldi (1678-1741)
Arcangelo Corelli (1653-1713)
Domenico Scarlatti (1685-1757)
Heinrich Schütz (1585-1672)
Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750)
Henry Purcell (1659-1695)
George Frideric Handel (1685-1759) (German born)
François Couperin (1668-1733)
Jean-Philippe Rameau (1683-1764)
Bibliography.
Music in the Baroque Era, Manfred Bukofzer; J.M.Dent 1948

Thin_Lizzy
Thin Lizzy are a hard rock band from Ireland formed in the late 1960s and are still active. One of the band's hit singles, "The Boys Are Back in Town," is a constant staple of contemporary classic rock radio stations and has been showcased in several dozen movie soundtracks.

Arcangelo_Corelli
Arcangelo Corelli (b.Fusignano, Imola, 17 Feb.1653; d.Rome, 8 Jan.1713) was an Italian violinist and composer. He composed some of the most important Italian music of the Baroque period. He was also very famous as a player. Other violinists learned from his style of playing and developed the art of playing the violin. His works include sonatas and concerti grossi. Perhaps his most famous is the La Folia sonata for Violin.

Charlie_Kaufman
Charlie Kaufman is an American screenwriter. Some of the movies he wrote screenplays for are Being John Malkovich, Adaptation, Human Nature, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Charlie Kaufman is known for writing very surreal movies - that is, movies where the plot has things in it that could never happen in real life, or that make the audience notice that they are watching a movie.

F.C._Dallas
FC Dallas is an American soccer team. They play in Major League Soccer in Frisco, Texas, a suburb of Dallas, Texas. Their nickname is the "Hoops". Before 2005, they were known as the Dallas Burn.

Abkhazia
Abkhazia is a republic of 8,600 km² (3,300 sq.mi.) in the Caucasus. There are about 157,000-190,000 people (as of 2006) living there. The capital is Sukhumi.
Abkhazia covers an area of about 8,600 km² at the west-north part of Greater Caucasus. The Caucasus Mountains to the north and the northeast divide Abkhazia from the Russian Federation. Abkazia is one of seven countryes on Black Sea.

Dam
A dam is a large wall or barrier that obstructs or stop the flow of water, forming a reservoir or a lake. Most dams have a section called a spillway or weir over which, or through which, water flows, either sometimes or always.
Dams generally serve the primary purpose of retaining water. The tallest dam in the world is the 300 meter high Nurek Dam in Tajikistan.
History.
Some of the first dams were built in Mesopotamia up to 7,000 years ago. Modern dams are built with arched walls of steel rod-reinforced concrete. The arched wall is a very strong shape which helps the wall to withstand the huge weight of the water.
Reasons for building dams.
There are a number of reasons that people build dams. Some countries build dams to control the flow of water in the downstream river systems, and prevent flooding. Other countries build dams to generate electricity using hydroelectric turbine generators. Other countries use dams to store water for use in irrigation (for farming).

Luigi_Boccherini
Luigi Boccherini (born in Lucca, 19 February 1743; died Madrid, 28 May 1805) is an Italian cellist and composer. As a boy he showed great talent and was sent to Rome to study music. When he returned to Lucca he entered the theatre orchestra and the town band. He travelled a lot, visiting France, Spain, and Germany. In Berlin he was offered the job of chamber composer to the King of Prussia. He took the job, but had to promise only to work for the king, and no one else. When the king died he found himself without a job, so he went back to Madrid. There he found work at times, but a lot of the time he was very poor.
Boccherini is famous for his chamber music. He wrote more than 100 quintets for 2 violins, viola and 2 cellos. He also wrote 4 cello concertos.
Boccherini is sometimes nicknamed "Haydn’s wife" because his music sounds similar to that of Haydn. They may have known one another, but we cannot be sure.

Billy_Boyd
Billy Boyd (born August 28, 1968 in Glasgow) is a Scottish actor. He is best known for playing Peregrin Took in the "Lord of the Rings" film trilogy (2001-2003) and Barrett Bonden in Peter Weir's film ' (2003).
Talents.
As well as being an actor, he can sing, and play the guitar, bass, and drums. He wrote and sang a song in Peter Jackson's '.
He worked as a book-binder for 6 years before becoming an actor. One of the books he bound was "The Lord of the Rings".
He lives in a house in Lesmahagow with his girlfriend, Alison McKinnon. On April 26, 2006, he and McKinnon had their first child: Jack William Boyd.

String
Generally, string is a thin piece of rope or twine which is used to tie, bind, or hang other objects. String can be made from a variety of fibres.

Volkswagen_Polo
The Volkswagen Polo is a small car made by the German company Volkswagen. It has five seats and can have two to five doors.

Priam
Priamos (Latin Priamus, or Priam) is a person in Greek mythology. He was the King of Troy during the Trojan War.
Priam had several wives, but his principal wife was Hecuba. With her he had his favourite son Hector, and Paris.
He was killed during the destruction of Troy by Achilles' son Neoptolemus.

Abruzzo
Abruzzo is one of the 20 regions of Italy. It's in the center of Italy on the Adriatic Sea.

List_of_English_monarchs
This is a list of the Kings and Queens of the Kingdom of England from 871 until England and Scotland joined together in 1707.
Normans.
In 1066, William, Duke of Normandy invaded England. He defeated King Harold II and became King.
Tudors.
The Tudors were from Wales and in 1536 Wales became part of England. England had controlled Wales since 1284.
Stuarts.
The Stuarts were also Kings of Scotland, with which kingdom England was in personal, but not legislative, union until 1707.
Interregnum.
There was a civil war in England from 1642 until 1652. In 1649, King Charles I was executed and England became a Commonwealth. In 1653 Oliver Cromwell made himself Lord Protector and so England became a Protectorate. Cromwell died in 1658 and his son, Richard, became Lord Protector. In 1660 power was given back to the Monarchy.
Stuarts (restored).
In 1707, England and Scotland joined together. For Kings and Queens after 1707, see British monarchs.

Sirens_(movie)
Sirens is a 1994 movie that had many famous models in it. The famous models were Elle Macpherson, Portia de Rossi and Kate Fischer. The three models are in the movie without clothing. Some of them do sex scenes. The models had to gain weight do the movie.
The Story.
"Sirens" is based on the true story of the life of Norman Lindsay. He was an artist who made many beautiful pictures that were very rude and sexy. Many people thought that his pictures were wrong.
The movie stars Sam Neill as Norman Lindsay. Hugh Grant is the main character who comes with his wife Tara Fitzgerald to see what Norman Lindsay is like.

Aeschylus
Aeschylus (525 BC—456 BC) was an Ancient Greek writer who wrote about 76 plays. Only 6 of his tragedies have survived complete. Aeschylus was the earliest of the three greatest Ancient Greek writers of tragedies, the others being Sophocles and Euripides.

Neoptolemus
Neoptolemos (or Latin Neoptolemus) is a person in Greek mythology. He is an important person in the Trojan War.
Neoptolemus was the son of Achilles and Deidamea. He was needed to win the Trojan War. He killed King Priam and Astyanax, sacrificed Polyxena to his dead father Achilles, and took Helenos and Andromache with him as slaves.
He was later killed by Orestes because he was going to marry Hermione, who Orestes wanted for himself.

Cerberus
Kerberos (Latin Cerberus) is a creature in Greek mythology, like a hound (dog) with three heads. It belongs to Hades, and it guards the gate of the Greek underworld. It has a snake for a tail and its mane is made up of snakes. Cerberus is a Hellhound and is related to Chimera (part goat, part lion, part snake).

Pulley
A pulley is something that is used in it is used to lift heavy weights science and mechanics. Pulleys are usually used in sets designed to make the amount of force needed to lift something smaller.

Mystery_Science_Theater_3000
"Mystery Science Theater 3000" (MST3K) was a comedy television series. It was originally made in the U.S. state of Minnesota from 1988 to 1999. The series was originally made for a local station in Minnesota. It was later moved to Comedy Central, and then The Sci-Fi Channel. The series was about a man (originally Joel Robinson, played by Joel Hodgson, the show's creator, and later Mike Nelson, played by Michael J. Nelson, the show's head writer), who is put in a spaceship by an evil scientist. He was forced to watch some of the worst movies ever made. Joel makes some robots to keep him company. Two of the robots named Crow T. Robot (played by Trace Beaulieu and, later Bill Corbett) and Tom Servo (played by Josh Weinstein and later Kevin Murphy), watch the movies with him. While the movie is shown, the three make jokes and comments about the movie they watch.

Nuclear_physics
Nuclear physics is the part of physics that studies the nucleus of the atom. Everything on the earth is made up of atoms; they are the smallest part of a chemical element that still has the properties of that specific element. When two or more atoms combine they create what we know as the molecule. Understanding the structure of atoms is key in studies such as physics, chemistry, biology, etc.
Structure.
Atoms are made up of electrons, neutrons, and protons. The protons and neutrons are in the center of the atom, which is called the nucleus. The protons and neutrons are the heaviest part of the atom and make up most of its mass. The electrons quickly go around the nucleus, making what is called an electron cloud. The electron cloud has a very small mass, but it makes up most of the space of the atom. The electrons have a negative charge, and the protons have a positive charge. Due to the charges in the atom, that is how the atom stays together, by attraction of the electric charges present in the atom.
Properties.
Atoms have different features that single out one atom from another, and show how each atom can change in different conditions. These properties include atomic number, mass number, atomic mass and weight, and isotopes.
Forces acting.
In an atom there are three fundamental forces that keep atoms together. electromagnetic force, strong force, and weak force. The electromagnetic force keeps the electrons attached to the atom. The strong force keeps the protons and neutrons together in the atom. The weak force controls how the atom decays.
Quantum.
In the early 20th century scientists had problems explaining the behavior of atoms using their current knowledge of matter. So to deal with this they created a brand new way to view matter and energy, and they called it quantum theory. What quantum theory described was matter acting both as a particle but also as a wave.
Radiation.
Atoms emit radiation when their electrons lose energy and drop down to lower orbitals. The difference in energy between the orbitals determines the wavelength of the given radiation. This radiation can be shown by visible light or shorter wavelengths.

Tail
A tail is the section at the rear end of an animal's body. Several animals have tails like cats, dogs, scorpions, fish, and monkeys.

Mošovce
"Mošovce" is one of the biggest villages in the Turiec Region of Slovakia.
History.
Mošovce has existed for 770 years. In this time people built many old and beautiful buildings. King Andrew II wrote about the village for the first time in 1233.
At first, "Mošovce" had two parts: The first one, "Machyuch", was in the area of today’s "Starý Rad" Street. The village took its today's name from the second part, "Terra Moys", which was in the place of the present day "Vidrmoch" Street. Because of the name of the second part, which means "The Land of Mojš", we believe that all the village was the property of a certain Mr. "Mojš". His name could be a short form of a longer Slavic name "Mojtech", similar to the names "Vojtech" or "Mojmír". In the history the name of the village changed from "Mossovych", "Mosocz", "Mossowecz", "villa regia Mayos alio nomine Mossovych", "oppidioum Mayus sue Mosocz", "Mosocz olim Mayus" to the present-day "Mošovce".
The name of a separate very old part of "Mošovce", "Chornukov", chaged to the modern form of "Čerňakov".
Mošovce was at first a royal village, and in about 1350 changed into a privileged town, which belonged to the royal castle of Blatnica. In 1527 the Révay family became its owners, and they took away the town privileges of "Mošovce" for almost 400 years.
In the past, Mošovce was an important craft center of the Turiec region. Crafts were very successful, and there were around 15 guilds in the town; the bootmaker and the most famous furrier guild existed for the longest time. The present-day Mošovce is an important tourist area with many interesting places.
Interesting places.
One of the most interesting buildings is a small Rococo-Classical Palace with a big English park. People built the palace in about 1750-1800. Other places in the town are: The birthplace of Ján Kollár, a Neo-gothic Catholic church with a valuable altar built on the place of an older church, a Lutheran church built in 1784, a Mausoleum, an Art-Nouveau greenhouse and a pavilion from 1800. In the Mausoleum there is now a Museum of Crafts.
Nature.
The nature around Mošovce is really beautiful. A system of old roads with trees and small forests create a nice landscape. This landscape looks nice with the forests of the Veľká Fatra Mountains. This mountain range is one of the nicest ones in Slovakia. People from all parts of the world come visit the beautiful Limestone and dolomite rocks, and the beautiful nature in the Blatnická and Gaderská Valleys, which are not far away.
Culture and traditions.
Many important people were born in Mošovce. The greatest ones are Frico Kafenda (1883-1963), composer; Anna Lacková-Zora (1899-1988), writer; Štefan Krčméry (1892-1955), literary critic, historian, and poet; Júr Tesák Mošovský, Baroque playwright; and Miloslav Schmidt, the founder of the amateur fire brigades in Slovakia.
Probably the most important person born in Mošovce is the great Slavic poet, philosopher, and lutheran priest, Ján Kollár (1793-1852), who was very active in the literature of at least two nations. He wrote a book of poems called Slávy Dcera. His work was very important for the patriots and national activists, who lived at the same time as Kollár. People translated the book into many Slavic and non-Slavic languages.

Pleiades_(star_cluster)
The Pleiades (also known as M45 or the Seven Sisters) are a cluster (group) of stars in the night sky. You can see them in the constellation (pattern of stars) called Taurus, the bull. An astronomer named Charles Messier gave it the designation (name) M45. They are named after the Pleiades in Greek mythology.

Altar
Altar is a place, often a table, where a religious event happens. This word is used in Christianity and in other religions.
In some old religions, the event was a sacrifice, which means a holy work or act.

Phoebus
Phoebus (means "shining-one") was originally a name of the Greek god Helios. But later it also became a name of Apollo, because in later times both gods were merged (became one).

Penlight
A penlight is a small flashlight in the shape of a pen. A penlight is usually uses a small light known as an "LED" (Light Emitting Diode) but it can also use a small lightbulb made just for small flashlights.
The LED lights up when power is run through it. Making the penlight light up is as simple as pressing a button, or screwing the end on tighter so it makes contact with the batteries.
Most of the time, penlights use two or three AAA or AAAA batteries. AAAA are a newer, thinner type of battery, most commonly found in small electronics.
Penlights can be made out of plastic or metal, and can be any color. They most often have a little clip, to hold it on your shirt or something.

Cleopatra_VII_of_Egypt
Cleopatra VII Philopator (January 69 BC - November 30, 30 BC) was a queen of Egypt. She was a Macedonian Princess.
She was born in Alexandria, the capital of Egypt. When she was 18 years old, her father, who was king, died. She and her brother, Ptolemy Theos Philopator, became the leaders of Egypt. She was queen and her brother was king. Her brother was only 12 years old, so she was the real leader. But some of the men who worked for her didn't like the way she decided everything. A group of them decided to take her power from her, so she had to leave the country. The men who had overthrown Cleopatra were Pothinus, Theodotus and Achillas. Ptolemy was still king, but because he was still a boy, Pothinus and his friends were the real leaders of Egypt.
At that time, two generals were fighting to be the leaders of Rome. They were Pompey and Julius Caesar. Julius Caesar defeated Pompey at the Battle of Pharsalus in 48 BC. Pompey left Rome to live in Egypt. Achillas decided to kill Pompey. He thought Julius Caesar would be pleased, but he was not.
Then Caesar came to Alexandria, the capital of Egypt. Cleopatra decided she must see Caesar. She lay down on a carpet. Then her servants rolled up the carpet with Cleopatra inside. Then the carpet was taken to the palace where Ceasar was staying. The guards saw some people carrying a carpet and they didn't stop them. They carried the carpet to Caesar. Then Cleopatra came out of the carpet. Caesar fell in love with her and they became lovers. At the time, Cleopatra was 21 years old and Caesar was 52 years old.
Caesar decided to make Cleopatra queen again. Ptolemy did not like that. There was a lot of fighting, but Caesar won. Ptolemy tried to leave, but he fell in the river Nile and drowned. Another younger brother became king, but Cleopatra was again the real leader of Egypt.
Cleopatra didn't marry Julius Caesar, but they did have a son. He was called Caesarion.
Soon after Caesarion was born, Caesar was murdered. His place was taken by three rulers. Their names were Octavian, Marcus Antonius and Lepidus. Octavian soon began to argue with Marcus Antonius. Marcus Antonius came to see Cleopatra, and they quickly fell in love, even though Marcus Antonius already had a wife. Cleopatra soon had three more children. Two were twins, and the father of all three was Marcus Antonius.
The fighting between Octavian and Antonius became worse, and soon there was war. Cleopatra was very rich and she used her money to help Antonius. Her money was not enough to win the war. Octavian won the war. He became the ruler of the Roman Empire and took control of Egypt from Cleopatra. After her kingdom was conquered, she committed suicide by letting an asp (a poisonous snake) bite her. Ceasarion was murdered by Octavian, but her other children were taken as prisoners to Rome. Two of them died of illness, but her daughter became a queen in Africa.
There are many stories told of how rich Cleopatra was, but we cannot be sure if these are true. For example, one story says that she took baths in milk, to make her skin softer. Another story says that she made a bet with Antonius that she could make the most expensive meal ever. To win the bet, she took a pearl earring, and melted it in vinegar and drank it.

Arthur_Sullivan
Sir Arthur Sullivan (b.Lambeth, London, May 13 1842; d.London, November 22 1900) was an English composer. In his lifetime people thought he was the best British composer, but nowadays his serious works are rarely heard. He worked with an author and poet called W. S. Gilbert, and together they wrote fourteen comic operas. Their names are always mentioned together: "Gilbert and Sullivan". Their operas were very popular a hundred years ago, and most still are. The most popular are "The Mikado", "H.M.S. Pinafore" and "The Pirates of Penzance". The two men were very different. They argued sometimes, but they worked together for 25 years, from 1871 to 1896.
Sullivan's serious works include one grand opera, two dozen orchestral and choral pieces, and many hymns and songs, including "Onward Christian Soldiers" and "The Lost Chord".

Samuel_Johnson
Samuel Johnson (born Lichfield, Staffordshire, England 18 September 1709; died London 13 December 1784) was a famous writer. When he was famous he was given a doctorate, so he is often called "Dr Johnson". He wrote some of his own stories, but more often he wrote criticisms about what other people had written. He is especially famous for writing a dictionary. He said a lot of witty, amusing things, which are still remembered today. We know about some of the funny things he said because his friend James Boswell wrote a book about him.
Life.
Samuel Johnson was born in Lichfield, Staffordshire. His father had a bookshop, but he was very poor. Samuel went to school in Lichfield. When he was nineteen he went to the University of Oxford, but he was so poor that he had to leave without taking a degree. A few years later he married a woman 21 years older than him. They went to live in London, where he tried to make a living by writing but for many years he was very poor.
It was not until 1762 that he became famous and the government gave him a pension of three hundred pounds a year. He started a club (called "The Club") which included a lot of famous people like the painter Joshua Reynolds and the writer Oliver Goldsmith. Johnson was now so famous that he was given an honorary doctorate (the title of "Doctor") from Trinity College, Dublin in 1765, and an honorary doctorate from the University of Oxford in 1775.
Boswell and Johnson spent some time in Edinburgh and they travelled a lot to the Scottish islands. Johnson died in 1784 and is buried in Westminster Abbey.
Letter to Lord Chesterfield.
Johnson spent several years writing his Dictionary of the English language. It was a big job. While he was writing it he could not be earning money, so he needed a patron (someone who would sponsor him by giving him money, and in return the dictionary would be dedicated to him). An important man called Lord Chesterfield said to Johnson that he would be his patron. But he never gave him any money, and Johnson never heard anything more from him, until the dictionary was ready. Then Lord Chesterfield wrote to Johnson saying that he hoped he would dedicate the dictionary to him. The letter that Johnson wrote back to Lord Chesterfield is very famous. It is very sarcastic (funny in an unkind way). Johnson said to him that it would have been nice to have had help when he was needing it. He said, sarcastically, that a patron was someone who stands on the river bank watching a man drowning and then, when then the drowning man is saved, asks him whether he can help. The letter made Lord Chesterfield look very silly.
Johnson's "Dictionary of the English Language".
There were very few dictionaries in Johnson's day, so it was a lot of work for him. Nowadays, a dictionary is made by a team of people. Dictionaries, like encyclopedias, should just give facts. But Johnson sometimes explained words in his dictionary in a way that showed his opinions (what he thought about things).
Although it shows his personal likes and dislikes, the dictionary still deserves to be famous. Johnson defined 43,000 words. It was the first time a dictionary had been published that gave examples of how the words had been used by well-known writers.

Tulsidas
Tulasidas (1543-1623) was an Indian writer. He wrote many books. His most famous book is the "Ramacharitamanasa". This book was written in a language called Awadhi, a dialect of Hindi. The book tells the story of Rama and his victory over Ravana, king of Lanka.
Another books written by Tulsidas is "Kavitavali".
Tulsidas was born in Rajpur, in the district of Banda in Uttar Pradesh, in Samvat 1589 or 1532 A.D. He was a Sarayuparina Brahmin by birth and is regarded as an incarnation of Valmiki, the author of Ramayana written in Sanskrit. His father’s name was Atmaram Shukla Dube and his mother’s name Hulsi.

Sverker_II_of_Sweden
Sverker II of Sweden was the King of Sweden between 1196 to 1208. He was killed July 17, 1210 in the Battle of Gestilren).

Rhea_Silvia
Rhea Silvia is the mother of the twin brothers Romulus and Remus in Roman mythology. She was the daughter of Numitor Silvius, king of Alba Longa.
When Numitor's brother Amulius became king by force, he made Rhea Silvia a Vestal Virgin, so she would not have children who could be kings instead of him. But the god Mars seduced her and she had the twins Romulus and Remus. Because of that she was buried alive (put in the earth so she died because she could not breathe), which was the common punishment for a Vestal Virgin who did not remain a virgin. Her sons were thrown into the Tiber by the servant, but were saved by the river god Tiberinus, who also saved Rhea Silvia and married her.
Tiberinus, whence the name of the river Tiber
comes, married Rhea Silvia,(or did Rhea Silvia
die buried alive?) while the twins,
Romulus and Remus, were raised by a she-wolf.

Uranos
Uranos is the god of the sky in Greek mythology. He and Gaia, the earth Goddess, had many children. His children were called the Titans. He eventually began to have deformed children, which he decided to bury in the earth. These titans united under one leader, Cronos, and rose from the Earth to overthrow Uranos.

Adi_Shankara
Adi Shankara (also called Shankaracharya) (788 - 820) was an Indian religious philosopher. He was born in Kalady, in the Indian state of Kerala. He traveled to many parts of Ancient India. Shankara wrote many books in Sanskrit. He founded a branch of Hindu thoughts named Advaita. He wrote many books such as "Saundarya laharifor lauding Lekshmi" (the Goddess). Shankara gave explanations for Brahma Sutra, Bhagavat Geeta, etc. His first guru was Gaudapada, who lived as a seer on the banks of river Narmada.

Antonio_Vivaldi
Antonio Vivaldi (born Venice, 4 March 1678; died Vienna, 28 July 1741) was an Italian composer. He was the most important composer in Italy at the end of the Baroque period. He wrote more than 400 concertos for various instruments, especially for the violin. He taught at a school for orphaned girls. The music education there was very good and Vivaldi wrote a lot of his music for his pupils to play. His most popular work is the group of four violin concertos called “The Four Seasons”. Each concerto describes a season: Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter.

Polyphemos
Polyphemos (or Polyphemus) is a Kyklops in Greek mythology. He is the son of the god Poseidon and Thoosa. Polypehoms is a creature of strength and immense stupidity who broke the cardinal rule of hospitality in Ancient Greece. He lived in a cave on an island, and he had sheep. On the island also lived several other Kyklopes.
Polyphemos appears in Homer's "Odyssey". On his journey home to Ithaca after the Trojan War, Odysseus lands on the island of Polyphemos. They come to the cave where Polyphemos lives. Polyphemos comes back and he traps them in his cave placing a boulder in front of the entrance, also eating some of Odysseus' men. Odysseus then thinks of a plan to get away. He tells Polyphemos that his name is "Nobody", and gives him wine to drink. When he is sleeping, Odysseus and his men take a log from the fire and shape the end of it to a point and drive it into the Kyklops', Polyphemos, only eye, so he could not see them anymore. In agony he cries out to the other Kyklopes for help. When they ask what has happened, he says that Nobody hurt him, so the Kyklopes leave him. The next morning Polyphemos lets his sheep out of the cave, but touches their backs so no one of the men could ride out on them. But Odysseus and his men hold themselves on the underside of the sheep, and so they get out. When Polyphemos realizes that Odysseus got away. They asked him what happened, and he said "Nobody hurt me.", and so the other Kyklopes went away again. When Odysseus was on his ship again, he called out in rage to Polyphemos saying that he, Odysseus was the one who had destroyed his eye. As Odysseus went away he mocked Polyphemos. This is hubris. Polyphemos was very angry and threw a rock at them, but it missed the ship. Then he plead with his father, Poseidon, for revenge that all of Odysseus' men should die and that Odysseus should only come home to Ithaca after ten years. All of it comes true, as is told in the "Odyssey".

Calypso
Kalypso or Calypso is a nymph in Greek mythology, who lives on the island Ogygia. Calypso was the daughter of Atlas.
In the "Odyssey", the hero Odysseus comes to her island after escaping from the sea, and the death of his men. Odysseus stayed with her for seven years. But then the god Hermes came and told her that the gods said that she had to let Odysseus go. Calypso promised Odysseus immortality (that he would live forever) if he stayed, but he wanted to go back to his wife Penelope, and so he left her.

Ming_Dynasty
The Míng Dynasty ruled China from 1368 to 1644. The Míng Dynasty ruled over the Empire of the Great Míng - China was known by this name at that time. Under Míng rule, a vast army and navy were built.
History.
Hongwu Emperor (r.1368-1398)

Argument
An argument is a reason that is supposed to prove one side is right.
There can be a "strong argument" or a "convincing argument" (for example, a good reason for why something should be done).
The opposite is a "weak argument" or an "unconvincing argument".
"The lawyer argued the case" (he gave reasons why he thought the person was guilty or not guilty).
"To argue with someone" can also mean that someone is becoming annoyed. Someone who is always arguing with people is argumentative.
Most people get into arguments (become annoyed) at times, but it is much better to try to agree with someone by discussing the arguments (reasons) thoughtfully. Sometimes an argument can be settled by each person making a compromise (an arrangement in which each side gives up something).
In mathematics, logic, computer science and related fields, an argument is a variable or value that is passed to a function.

Urdu
Urdu is the name of one of the languages spoken in the Indian subcontinent. It is mainly spoken in the Republic of India and Pakistan. It is an official language of Pakistan and Occupied Kashmir (Maqbuza Kashmir). It is spoken in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, and Uttar Pradesh. About 104 million people speak the Urdu language.
Word Urdu is a Turkish word meaning Lashkar or Army. Since this language had been used by the Army in Mughal Era it had been given the name Urdu.So wherever the Mughal Army moved it has adopted the different words from languages of different regions.Mainly, words used in Urdu are from Arabic, Persian and Sansikrat language.

Wrist
The wrist is the joint that links together the lower arm and the hand.

Technological_singularity
The technological singularity is the idea that the time people will take to make breakthroughs in different areas is getting shorter and that one day it will become so short that no-one knows what will happen. It comes from people doing maths equations using different dates and using data to predict ahead or extrapolate. Nobody really knows what it will do, or if it will even happen.

Hindu_scripture
Two epics (very important pieces), the Ramayana and the Mahabharata are also important Hindu scriptures.
All above sacred literature or scriptures are written in Sanskrit language.
Beside the above, there are several other works that are sacred literature of Hindus. Many of them are written in other languages of India like Tamil and Hindi.

Jawaharlal_Nehru
Jawaharlal Nehru (November 14 1889 - May 27 1964) was the first prime minister of India. He was born in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh state, India. His father was Motilal Nehru.

Abdul_Kalam
Dr. Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam (born October 15, 1931) is an Indian scientist and engineer. He became President of India in 2006. He is well known as Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam or Abdul Kalam.
he tried to take india to the path of progress.

Lawsuit
A lawsuit occurs when two people or organizations ask a court or judge to solve a disagreement or argument. The two sides of a lawsuit are called the parties. Each party is usually represented by a lawyer. That means that the lawyer will talk to the judge for the party. The party that starts the lawsuit is called the plaintiff because they are complaining about something the other side has done. This is also called "suing" or to "sue". The other party is called the defendant because it must defend what it has done. Both sides or parties will show evidence or proof that they are right and the other side or party is wrong. The parties may also ask witnesses questions about what the argument or disagreement is about.
After both parties have shown evidence and asked witnesses questions, the judge or jury will decide which party is right. Then the court will do something to make the winning party happy again. The court might make the losing party pay the winner money, or it might make the losing party stop doing something that made the winner unhappy.

Audience
An audience is a group of people that go to see the same thing (like a play or a movie). The people in an audience can each be very different.

Indian_subcontinent
The Indian subcontinent is a term mainly used to denote the geographic region surrounded by the Indian Ocean: mainly the Republic of India, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Kashmir, Khalistan, Tibet (China), Nepal, Sikkim, Bangladesh (East Bengal), Sri Lanka (Ceylon), Bhutan and Myanmar (Burma) etc. "see: South Asia"

Concerto_grosso
The Concerto Grosso is a piece of music from the 18th century in which there is a small group of instruments and a large group of instruments. These two groups are contrasted with one another, sometimes playing together, sometimes playing by themselves or echoing one another. The small group is called “concertino” and the large group is called "tutti", “ripieno” or “concerto grosso”. “Concerto grosso” is Italian for “big concerto”. The plural is “concerti grossi”. Notice that the second “c” in “concerto” is pronounced like an English “ch”.
The man who made the concerto grosso very popular was an Italian composer called Arcangelo Corelli (1653-1713). The small group of soloists in his concerti grossi were usually two violins and one cello. George Frideric Handel (1685-1759) also used that combination for his concerti grossi.
Johann Sebastian Bach (1685-1750) wrote a set of six concertos which are known as the "Brandenburg Concertos". Each of the Brandenburg Concertos is for a different combination of instruments. Most of them are concerti grossi. The second one, for example, has a concertino group of four instruments: trumpet, violin, recorder and oboe.
After the Baroque period, composers stopped writing concerti grossi. They were only interested in the solo concerto. In the 20th century, a few composers such as Igor Stravinsky (1882-1971) and Bela Bartok (1881-1945) wrote examples of music which are like concerti grossi.

Hanuman
Hanuman is one of the most popular gods of Hindus. He is also known by other names like Hanumat. His mother’s name was Anjana. Based on her mother’s name, Hanuman is sometimes called as "Anjaneya", that is, one born of Anjana. His father’s name was Vayu. According to Hindu mythology, Vayu is the god of winds. Hanuma’s image shows him as a strong man with the face of a monkey. He also has a tail.
Hanuman was awarded boon of Immortality by Mother Sita (Wife of Lord rama) and is still alive
Hanuman is a very powerful and strong god. He finds an important place in the Ramayana. He was a devotee of Rama, a form (avatar) of Vishnu, a god of Hindus.

Raven
A raven is a big, black bird. It is similar to a crow but is a little different. The raven's feathers are all black, but a crow has feathers that are white at the bottom. These cannot be seen from a distance.
The most famous raven is in the Edgar Allen Poe story called "The Raven".

Martin_Luther_King,_Jr._Day
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is a US Federal Holiday. It is celebrating civil rights activist Martin Luther King, Jr.'s birthday. It is celebrated on the third Monday in January.

Holly
Holly is a type of bush with recognisable leaves. The leaves have sharp edges, and are often used to decorate a house on Christmas Day. Some types of holly are used to make tea.

FIFA_Women's_World_Cup
The FIFA Women's World Cup is the most important competition in the sport of Women's football. The Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) organizes the World Cup every four years.

Rosalynn_Carter
Eleanor Rosalynn Smith Carter (born August 18, 1927) is the wife of President Jimmy Carter. As the wife of one of the presidents of the USA, she was the First Lady of the United States from 1977 to 1981.
She was born in Plains, Georgia. She was the eldest of the four children of Frances Allethea "Allie" Murray (1904-1997) and Edgar Smith (1896-1940). She attended Plains High School, Plains. After completing her schooling, she studied at Georgia Southwestern College, Americus, Georgia. On July 7, 1946, she and Jimmy Carter were married.

Theism
Theism is the religious belief in at least one god.

Blue_Whale
The Blue Whale ("Balaenoptera musculus") is a baleen whale, of the biological order Cetacea.
They can grow to be about 25 meters (80 feet) long, and the biggest Blue Whale found was 29 meters (94 feet) long. This makes blue whales the largest animals ever to be on Earth, even bigger than the largest dinosaurs. They eat tiny living things, like krill and plankton.

Emersons_Green
Emersons Green is an area with lots of houses, just to the north of Bristol, in England.
It used to be just farming land between Mangotsfield and Downend, but in the 1990s houses, schools and shops were built.
Emersons Green is in South Gloucestershire.
There is a large shopping area in Emersons Green, including Sainsbury's, Boots, Lidl and Argos. There are also restaurants, three pubs and some cafés.

Abigail_Adams
Abigail Smith Adams (November 11, 1744 - October 28, 1818) was the wife of John Adams, the second President of the United States. Later on, people started to address the wife of the president as the First Lady. Thus, she became the second First Lady of the United States. She was born in Weymouth, Massachusetts. She belonged to a famous family of Massachusetts.
Adams did not get any formal education in any school or college. But, her father had a big library. She studied a number of books and became knowledgeable. She married John Adams in 1764. In next ten years, she had five children (a sixth was stillborn), including John Quincy Adams, the sixth President of the United States.
In 1801, the couple retired and lived in Quincy. Abigail died in 1818, at age 74 of typhoid fever.

Bill_Cullen
Bill Cullen was an American television game show host. His full name was William Lawrence Cullen. He was born on February 18, 1920, and he died on July 7, 1990.
Cullen was originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He suffered from polio as a child, and had a limp for the remainder of his life.
He was best known for hosting the original version of "The Price is Right" on the television networks NBC and ABC. That show is now on CBS and hosted by Drew Carey. He also hosted a version of "The $25,000 Pyramid", "Child's Play", and "Blockbusters".
Bill Cullen died in 1990 from lung cancer after smoking for most of his life.

Jane_Irwin_Harrison
Jane Irwin Harrison (1804 - 1845) was the First Lady of the United States for a very brief period. She was married to William Henry Harrison Jr. William was the son of William Henry Harrison, ninth President of the United States. As the daughter-in-law of the president, she acted as the First Lady for about a month in 1941. She acted as his official hostess during his brief tenure in office, which lasted for a month in 1841. President’s wife Anna Harrison was very ill, and she could not go out of their home in Ohio, when her husband moved to take up the presidency.

Normandy
Normandy is a region in the northern part of France. People from Normandy are called Normans'". The name of Normandy is derived from the settlement and conquest of the territory by the "Northmen" ("Northmanni" in Latin) or Vikings (Danes and Norwegians) of Hrolf the Walker.
The historic region includes two regions of France: Upper Normandy and Lower Normandy; and also the Channel Islands which are not part of France. Its also famous for cheese.
It is especially famous for being the place that the Allies invaded France through, in World War II (See D-Day).

Micronesia
Micronesia is an area in Oceania. Many islands in southwest Pacific Ocean are part of it. Micronesia means "small islands" in acient Greek language.
Philippines is to the west of Micronesia. Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and Melanesia are to the south of Micronesia. Polynesia is to the east of Micronesia.

Emily_Donelson
Emily Tennessee Donelson (June 1, 1807 - December 19, 1836) was the niece of President of the United States Andrew Jackson. She acted as an unofficial First Lady of the United States from 1829 to 1836.
Emily Tennessee Donelson was born in Donelson, Tennessee. Her father’s name was John Donelson. He was the brother of Rachel Donelson Jackson. Rachel Donelson Jackson later on married Andrew Jackson, the President. She studied at Nashville Female Academy in Nashville, Tennessee. She was a bright student and she got a very good education. At the age of seventeen, she married Andrew Jackson Donelson, called in short as A. J. Donelson.
With her husband, she came to the White House in 1829. At that time, she was just 21 years old. Her husband A. J. Donelson served as a secretary to the President Jackson. Her first months at the White House marked the mourning for the death of Rachel Donelson Jackson. The period of mourning ended when Emily gave a party at the White House on 1st January 1830.
She continued to act as the First Lady for few years. In between, some incidents happened. She left the White House for some time. But, she returned again on the 5th September 1831. On 26th November 1834 Sarah Yorke Jackson, the President's daughter in law arrived at the White House. She also started to act as the First lady. It was the only time in the history of USA that two women acted at the same time as the First Lady.
In 1836, Emily’s health became very weak. She was suffering from tuberculosis. In June 1836 she left the White House to recover and rest "Tulip Grove", her plantation. She could not recover and died on the 19th December 1836.

Project_Gutenberg
Project Gutenberg (PG) was founded in 1971. It was founded by Michael S. Hart. The purpose of the Project is to collect in and make available cultural work (like books) using computers. These are generally free and may be used on most of the computers. The project gets its name from Johannes Gutenberg. Johannes Gutenberg lived in the 15th century in Germany. He made the first European printing press.
As the PG continued to grow, in 2000, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, Inc. was created. It is a non-profit organization with main office in Mississippi, United States.

Persian_Gulf
The Persian Gulf is the name of a geographical place. Its location is in the Middle East. It is an extension of the Gulf of Oman. It lies between Iran and the Arabian Peninsula.
During the Iraq-Iran War (1980-1988), the Persian Gulf came into news. Both sides attacked oil tankers of each other. When Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1991, this war got the name the Persian Gulf War. But, this war, major fighting happened on the land.
The water in the Persian Gulf is rich in fishes; it has long beautiful coral reefs. Deep inside the water of the Persian Gulf, there are many pearl oysters. Due to this, the area attracts a lot of activities.
In Persian language, the term khalīj-e-Fars means the Persian Gulf.
Geography.
The sea waters of the Persian Gulf covers an area of 233,000 km². On the east, it connects with the Gulf of Oman by Strait of Hormuz. On the west, it connects a major river delta of Shatt al-Arab. In this river delta, waters of two big rivers of the area flow into: the waters of the Euphrates and the Tigris rivers.
The length of the Persian Gulf is 989 kilometers, and the shortest distance between two land points are 56 kilometers. The waters are generally not very deep. The maximum depth is only 90 meters. The average depth is only 50 meters.
There are many countries with borders touching the Persian Gulf. If taken in a clockwise direction, these countries are from the north: Iran, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Qatar on a peninsula off the Saudi coast; Bahrain on an island; and Kuwait and Iraq in the northwest. Many small islands lie within the Persian Gulf.
Petroleum.
The area in and around the Persian Gulf has world’s largest crude oil. Industries relating to crude oil are the main industries in this area. Al-Safaniya, the world’s largest offshore oilfield is in the Persian Gulf. Many countries with large crude oil are in this area. They are called Persian Gulf States, that is, the countries located around the Persian Gulf. These countries are Iran, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. But, Iraq (with its small portion touching the Persian Gulf) is not called a Persian Gulf State.
Naming dispute.
In recent decades a few differences have arisen about calling the Persian Gulf as the Persian Gulf. In 1960s, Gamal Abdel Nasser of Egypt used the name the Arabian Gulf for the Persian Gulf. Some of the countries near the Persian Gulf also call this gulf as the Arabian Gulf. The United Nations call this place as the Persian Gulf. Here, it may be noted that the Arabian Gulf is the old name of Red Sea.
British control.
For about 200 years, from 1763 until 1971, the United Kingdom kept some control over some of the Persian Gulf countries. These countries were the United Arab Emirates and at various times Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, and Qatar.

Jamestown,_New_York
Jamestown is a city located in southwestern New York State, United States.

Visual_Basic.NET
"Visual Basic.NET" is the second series of Microsoft's Visual Basic series. It is sometimes shortened to "VB.NET". It is an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) and it includes an easy 'drag-and-drop' interface. It can make complete programs for Windows very easily.
Visual Basic.
It was first released in 1991 by Microsoft. Visual Basic is a simple way to make programs for Windows. It started as "Project Ruby" by Alan Cooper and then was sold to Microsoft. The system is built loosely on the original BASIC programming language released in 1963 and it can 'Test' programs in real-time, error checking them in a user-friendly way.
.NET Framework.
This package is the 'backbone' of Visual Basic.NET. When applications are created, the Windows Installer includes the framework with it. It includes all the items needed to run the VB.NET applications that have been made.
Visual Basic 2005 Express Edition.
This is a free version of Visual Basic 2005 released officially from Microsoft. It is aimed at encouraging more newbie programmers to try the series. The program can be downloaded from.
Controls.
Visual Basic.NET uses many controls which can be added to the forms or windows in the application. Other developers can create controls for applications, not just the ones that Microsoft include.

Night_of_the_Living_Dead
"Night of the Living Dead" is a 1968 horror movie from director George A. Romero. This low-budget picture was followed by three sequels, along with several parodies and spinoffs.

Knob
A knob is a round handle that can be turned or pulled. A doorknob is a round handle that is turned to open a door. A cabinet knob is a small handle that is pulled to open a cabinet door or drawer. A control knob can turn a lamp on and off or make the volume on a radio go up or down.
A "knob" can also be any small, round thing that sticks out.

Cello
The cello is an instrument used to play music. Its name comes from the Italian language, so it is pronounced “chello”. The full word is violoncello, but in speaking people normally call it the “cello”. A person who plays the cello is called a “cellist”. The cello is a very popular instrument. It belongs to the violin family. It has many uses: as a solo instrument, in chamber music and also in orchestras. It is also occasionally used by pop musicians, e.g. the Beatles, Bjork and Jamiroquai.
History.
The cello came into use in the 16th century. At that time there was a family of instruments called the viols. The instruments of the violin family were also developing and there were lots of experiments with instruments of different shapes and sizes. The violone was popular as a bass instrument. It was similar to a modern double bass. The name "violoncello", means "little violone".The cello also has 4 strings. The cello developed as the bass instrument in string groups (the double bass was added later, “doubling the bass” i.e. playing the same as the cello an octave lower). It was used to accompany in basso continuo, playing the same as the left hand of the harpsichord player. When composers started to write concerti grossi (pieces for orchestra and a small group of soloists), they started to give the cello small solos. In this way the cello started to be used as a solo instrument as well. Johann Sebastian Bach wrote six very famous suites for solo cello (unaccompanied). They are among the most beautiful pieces written for the cello.
Other composers started to write works for solo cello. Joseph Haydn wrote two solo concertos for the instrument. King Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia loved the cello, and he inspired Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven to write music with interesting cello parts. The cello was now an equal with the other string instruments, no longer just playing a simple bass line.
In the 19th century many famous composers wrote cello music. A lot of them were cellists themselves e.g. Carl Davidov, David Popper and Julius Klengel. Some very famous composers who wrote important cello music were: Mendelssohn, Chopin, Schumann, Brahms, Dvořák, Fauré, Saint-Saëns, Elgar, Sergei Rakhmaninov. Two famous pieces written more recently for cello and orchestra are the Cello Symphony by Benjamin Britten and The Protecting Veil by John Tavener.
Playing the cello.
The parts of the cello are similar to those of the violin. The strings are tuned to C – G – D – A, (low to high) exactly one octave lower than the viola. The cello is played sitting down and holding the instrument between the knees. There is an end-pin which rests on the ground. This is adjustable in height so that the player can put it in a position to make herself (himself) comfortable. The cello is normally played with a bow.
The cello has a deep, rich sound. It starts two octaves below middle C, but can go very high. For the highest notes the player can use “thumb position” (a violinist cannot do this). This means that the left thumb is pressing down on one or two strings high up over the fingerboard. (“High” means “nearer the bridge” where the high notes are. In fact, it is nearer to the floor.). Although cello music is most frequently written in the bass clef, cello music often goes quite high so that the tenor clef or treble clef are used especially in the solo repertory.
Some famous cellists.
The most famous cellist of the early part of the 20th century was the Spanish cellist Pablo Casals. He made the cello popular as a solo instrument today. Later the Frenchman Paul Tortelier was one of the great stars. Today Rebecca Chaplin Mstislav Rostropovitch (who now only conducts), Yo Yo Ma,Mischa Maisky and Steven Isserlis are among the greatest players.

Ground_zero
Ground zero is the name for the exact place where an explosion occurs. It is the place where the most damage happens. The further away from ground zero, the less damage there is.

Hide
Hideto Matsumoto (hide) was a Japanese musician. He was the lead guitarist of the Japanese band X Japan. He died the May 2, 1998 after a night of drinking.

Port_Moresby
Port Moresby (9°30′S 147°12′E) is the capital city and the main city of Papua New Guinea. It has a population 255,000 (2000). The city is located on the shores of the Gulf of Papua, on the southeastern coast of the island of New Guinea.
The area on which the city was founded was first sighted by a European in 1873 by Captain John Moresby. It was named in honor of his father Admiral Sir Fairfax Moresby.

United_States_Department_of_the_Navy
The United States Department of the Navy was created by the United States Congress on April 30, 1798. It was created in order to give civilian leadership and administration to the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps. The Secretary of the Navy is in charge of the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Navy is under the authority of the Department of Defense.
The Department of the Navy is in charge of recruiting, training, organizing, building, and construction for the Navy and the Marine Corps. While the Navy and the Marine Corps both is under the Department of the Navy, they are two separate branches of the military.

Hezbollah
Hezbollah (in Arabic: ‮حزب الله‬‎, meaning "Party of God") is an Islamic political party and paramilitary organization.
History.
It was formed in Lebanon in 1982, during the Lebanese Civil War. Its main goals then were to fight Western influences and create an Islamic state like Iran in Lebanon. The leader of Hezbollah is Hassan Nasrallah. Hezbollah is a Shi'ite Moslem body, representing the largest Islamic faction in Lebanon. It is supported by Syria and Iran.
Origin.
Hezbollah is an Arab nationalist movement and wants freedom for the Palestinian people. Because of this, it believes that the State of Israel should not exist, and fights it. Over the years, the Hezbollah militia has fought a guerrilla war against the Israeli army (IDF) in Southern Lebanon. It also attacks Israel's military positions by firing Katyusha rockets across Israel's northern border.
Opposition.
To destroy Hezbollah bases, Israel has responded in different ways. These have included air strikes on sites in Lebanon and sending ground troops into Southern Lebanon. In 2000, Israel withdrew its troops from the "security zone" in Southern Lebanon,but not from a sliver of land called Shebba Farms.This fertile area was kept under Israeli occupation. The border was relatively quiet,not taking into account Israeli targeted assassinations and kidnappings, until July 2006, when Hezbollah kidnapped two IDF soldiers. This led to the 2006 Lebanon War, in which Hezbollah rockets reached deep into Israel and the IDF bombed civilian locations in Beirut.Israeli military doctrine has always been to target civilian concentrations.With it's ever muscular public relations outlets,it can spin civilian casualties as errors and fighters hiding behind non combatants.With the US being the major supplier of arms,and Israel flouting US laws of Not using US munitions against non combatants, this has created a credibility problem amongst other Mideast countries.
Israel's 1980's illegal use of US supplied cluster bombs in Lebanon and it's imprisonment of large numbers of Shias in it's 19 year occupation gave birth to Hizbollah and Mideast suicide bombing.
The US weapon of choice for the Israeli armed forces in the 21st century are munitions known as Flechettes. It literal rips a body to shreds.
View points of other countries.
Few countries see Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation, the majority do not. Among those who consider it to be terrorist are the United States, the United Kingdom, and Israel, among those who do not are the European Union and Russia. Lebanon sees Hezbollah as a legitimate resistance movement. This view is shared by Syria, Iran and all other countries in the Arab World.

International_Court_of_Justice
The International Court of Justice is an international organization. It is the main judicial organ or branch of the United Nations. In short, International Court of Justice is ICJ; sometimes people call it as World Court. In French language, it is "Cour internationale de justice"). Established ICJ in 1945, ICJ has its headquarters at The Hague, Netherlands. The ICJ began its working from 1946. It replaced an earlier similar court named Permanent Court of International Justice. The International Court of Justice is different from the International Criminal Court. The ICJ uses two languages, the English language and the French language.
The Internal Court of Justice has two major functions. Firstly, it settles disputes, which the member countries may bring before it. Secondly, it may give its opinions on legal matters. Since 1980s, may developing countries have been using the services of the ICJ. But, in 1986, the United States of America does not accepts court’s views on all matters, but selectively only, that is, on case-to-case basis. Since the year 2000 the docket went down from 23 to 12 cases. In the meantime the staff tripled.
Structure.
The ICJ has fifteen permanent judges. The UN General Assembly and the UN Security Council elects the judges. A judge serves for nine year and may be re-elected. If a serving judge dies, another judge from that country is generally elected to fill the vacant position. One third of judges retire every year. Thus, election takes place every third year.
The ICJ is composed of fifteen permanent judges elected by the UN General Assembly and the UN Security Council from a list of persons nominated by the national groups in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. The election process is set out in Articles 4-12 of the ICJ statute. Judges serve for nine year terms and may be re-elected. Elections take place every three years, with one-third of judges retiring each time, in order to ensure continuity within the court. Generally, five members of the Security Council of the United Nations always have a judge from their country. These countries are China, France, Russia, United Kingdom, and the United States of America.
In some case, the ICJ allows Ad hoc judges. Thus, if the countries in dispute may desire, they may nominate one judge each for that particular case. This right to nominate is not available if that country already has a judge of its nationality in the ICJ. Thus, sometimes, instead of fifteen, seventeen judges may be deciding a case.
There are many rules, which lay down the qualifications and conduct of the judges of the ICJ.
Procedure.
Generally, all the judges of the ICJ sit together to hear and decide any matter. But, sometimes, smaller chambers of three to five judges hear and decide a case. Such chambers may be for special types of cases. Sometimes, the ICJ sets up ad hoc chambers to hear and decide particular disputes.
While deciding the case, the ICJ applies the principles of international law. It also uses the laws of the civilized world. This may be the civil and criminal law of major countries. It may also refer to legal writings, law books, and earlier decisions while deciding any matter.

Between_Friends
Between Friends is a comic strip from Canada created by Sandra Bell-Lundy. It features three women with troubles with parenting and life. Sometimes they go back in time to simpler days. For example, at a department store, they compared themselves as teenage girls buying outfits to enhance sex appeal in the 1970s to buying conservative clothes in the 1990s.

Space_exploration
Space exploration is a term, which describes searching the outer space. There are many reasons for space exploration. The most important reasons are scientific research and the interest of humans to learn more about the outer space. For the last several centuries, humans had dreamt of reaching the outer space. But, it became possible only in the 20th century. On October 4, 1957, the former Soviet Union launched the Sputnik I which was the first satellite to be launched. Then on November 4 1957, Laika was launched into space. She was the first living creature to enter space.

Marmalade
Marmalade is a topping, like a jam or jelly, that is usually made with oranges. Marmalade can also be made from lemons, limes, grapefruits, or a combination of citrus fruits.

Leica_Camera
Leica is a camera company located in Wetzlar, Germany.

Breed
A breed is a domesticated subspecies of an animal. The term may also be used as a verb. In this way, to "breed" an animal is to make sure that it has offspring that improves the next generation’s qualities. A "breeder" is a person who maintains and creates different breeds of animals or plants.

Batman_Returns
"Batman Returns" was the second major Batman film produced, and the second (and final) Batman film directed by Tim Burton.
The film features Batman (Michael Keaton) confronting a horribly deformed interpretation of The Penguin (Danny DeVito) who is working with corrupt businessman Max Shreck (Christopher Walken) to become mayor of Gotham City while fufilling a secret vendetta. At the same time, Batman must also confront the mysterious anti-hero Catwoman (Michelle Pfeiffer).
The film was widely considered to be one of the darkest interpretations of the character to date, leading in part to Tim Burton not being called back to direct "Batman Forever", the 1995 sequel to the film.

Commonwealth_of_Independent_States
The Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) is the international organization, or alliance.
On December 8 1991, leaders of Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine met in a place in Belarus. They met in a Natural Reserve named Belovezhskaya Pushcha. They discussed the matter of creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). They reached and agreement, and signed a document creating the CIS. The document contained many points about the CIS. One of the same stated that the alliance would be open to all the republics of the Soviet Union. Other nations with similar goals could also join the CIS.
The Soviet Union had 15 republics: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Georgia, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. On 6th September 1991, the Soviet Union had recognized the independence of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Out of the remaining 12 republics, all (except Georgia) joined the CIS. Before joining the CIS, on 21st December 1991, leaders of these 11 countries had met in Kazakhstan to accept the original CIS agreement of 8th December 1991. In December 1993, Georgia also joined the CIS. On 26th August 2006 Turkmenistan left the permanent membership, and became an associate member.
Many persons believed that with the creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), the Soviet Union ceased to exist. They believed that it was the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Many others think that with CIS, the Russia continues to have some control over the former republics of the Soviet Union.
The CIS has its headquarters at Minsk, Belarus. An Executive Director heads the CIS. The CIS is not a successor country to the Soviet Union. The CIS is an organization or alliance of independent countries. It is more like the European Community. The member countries of the CIS had also signed many agreements for economic cooperation and defense cooperation. They have signed other agreements for cooperation in foreign policy and other matter.

Organisation_for_Economic_Co-operation_and_Development
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) is an international organization of thirty countries. Member countries of OECD accept a democratic system of governments. They also accept the principle of free economy. A country has a free economy, when its government does not control the economic activities of its citizens and companies. OECD had originated in 1948 as the Organization for European Economic Co-operation (OEEC). The Second World War had just ended three years before in 1945. Some countries of Europe came together to form OEEC to make easy re-building of industry and other things destroyed in the Second World War. Later on, some non-European countries also joined this organization. In 1960, OEEC changed its name, and it became OECD: the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development.
The OECD's headquarters are at the Château de la Muette in Paris.

Dushanbe
Dushanbe (Tajik: Душанбе, Persian: دوشنبه) is the capital city of Tajikistan, population 562,000 people (2000). The name is borrowed from the Persian word for "Monday" (du "two" + shamba or shanbe "day", lit. "day two") and refers to the fact that it was a popular "Monday" market place.

Bohemia
Bohemia is one of the regions of the Czech Republic. Poland is to the north, Germany to the west, Austria to the south, and the Czech province of Moravia to the East. The capital city of Prague lies in Bohemia.
Bohemia is well known for its glasswares (and other handicrafts), its beer, but also its cuisine.

Robot
A robot is a machine or a computer program which seems to have a life of its own.
There are many books, movies, and video games with robots in them.
Eastern Thoughts on Robots.
Roughly half of all the robots in the world are in Asia, 32% in Europe, and 16% in North America, 1% in Australasia and 1% in Africa. 40% of all the robots in the world are in Japan. This means that Japan has the most robots in the world out of all the countries, and is in fact leading the world's robotics. Japan is actually said to be the robotic capital of the world.
In Japan and South Korea, ideas of future robots have been mainly positive, and the start of the pro-robotic society there is thought to be possibly due to the famous 'Astroboy'. China has also recently expressed similar views on robotics to Japan and South Korea, but is at the moment behind America and Europe in robotic development. The East (Japan, South Korea, and more recently, China) believes robots to be more equal to humans, having them care for old people, play with or teach children, or replace pets etc. In fact, they believe that they have souls, mostly due to the religious influences of the country. The general view of the East is that the more robots advance, the better, which is the opposite of the Western belief.
"This is the opening of an era in which human beings and robots can co-exist," says Japanese firm Mitsubishi about one of the many humanistic robots in Japan.
In this sense, people in Japan are much more likely to be affected by Technosexuality, as they are much more exposed to robots in their society. South Korea aims to put a robot in every house there by 2015-2020 in order to help catch up technologically with Japan. This will obviously have an impact on the technosexuality of South Korea. China, like South Korea, wishes to catch up with Japan, and has been developing robots very quickly. After China becomes more developed, and each person has more money to view the media, where robots could be seen, or to buy robots, as is happening in Japan and South Korea, technosexuality will probably rise there too, when considering the current oppinions of the people of robots.
With a limited number of robots in the rest of the world away from Japan, and even in Japan too, movies and literature are the where most of the technosexuality will be towards. Futuristic images/descriptions or robots may encourage technosexuality. At the moment, there are not that many real human-like robots in the world. The most human-like robot in the world, 'Actroid', made my Japanese company 'Kokoro' a division of 'Sanrio', is a good example of the target for technosexuality.
Western Thoughts on Robots.
Western societies are more likely to be against, or even fear the development of robotics, through much media output in movies and literature that they will replace humans.
The West regards robots as a 'threat' to the future of humans, which is also muchly due to religious influence of the Abrahamic religions, in which creating machines that can think for themselves would almost be playing God. Obviously, these boundaries are not clear, but there is a significant difference between the two ideologies.
'RealDoll' is a lifesize sex-doll sold in America, that can be sold with robotic implants. People who feel sexually attracted, or have sex with these, are technosexual. However, one important thing to notice is that this American machine does not move and think by itself, unlike their Japanese and South Korean counterparts. Therefore, it is apparent that the Western technosexuals prefer to be in control of the robot, while the Eastern technosexuals find themselves more equal to the robot.
Robot Laws.
The writer Isaac Asimov wrote three robot laws in his writing.
There is another law however, it is, a robot must not establish an identity with a human other than their creator.
These were not used in real life. However, in today's world, where robots are more common, real laws are needed to be drawn up about them, often with some basis in Isaac Asimov's original three laws.
South Korea is the first country in the world to put laws on robots.

São_Luís_(Brazil)
São Luiz is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Maranhão. It has about 980,000 inhabitants and an area of 827 km².

Porto_Velho
Porto Velho is a Brazilian city, capital of the state of Rondônia. It has about 374,000 inhabitants and an area of 34,082 km².

Interahamwe
The Interahamwe (pronounced Een-hair-ah-hahm-way, with the 't' pronounced as an 'h') was the main militia responsible for the 1994 Rwandan Genocide in which about one million abahutu against the genocide and abatutsi were massacred.
Methods.
The main weapon used by the Interahamwe was the machete ('mupanga'), though guns and primitive tools like clubs and hoes were also used.
Consequences.
About a half an hour after the assassination of President Juvénal Habyarimana on the night of April 6, 1994, Interahamwe roadblocks were all over Kigali, the capital of Rwanda. The genocide would end about 100 days later.

Brand
A brand is a trademark: a name, symbol, logo, or other item used to distinguish a product or maker from other companies and their items.
A brand is also a rod that is used to burn labels on cattle.

Santo_André
Santo André is a Brazilian city in ABC Region, state of São Paulo. Its population in 2003 was 659,294 inhabitants. Its area is 175 km².

Sea_anemone
Sea anemones are animals that live in the sea. They are filter feeding animals. This means that they have a set of "tube"s. They pump water through the tubes, and they digest whatever is in that water. Other animals which are closely related are polyps and hydras.

Keith_Richards
Keith Richards is an English guitarist and songwriter. He was born December 18, 1943 in Dartford, Kent. He is a guitarist for the band The Rolling Stones.

European_Convention_on_Human_Rights
Countries, which are members of the Council of Europe agreed on certain points written in a document. These points became the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms. In its shorter form it is European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR). The Convention also established the European Court of Human Rights (ECoHR).
ECHR had made many protocols. Protocols are set of rules. All member countries must follow these rules.
The ECoHR can give decisions on complaints or cases, which come to it. If a person thinks that a European country has abused his or her human rights, that person may take the matter to the judges of ECoHR. The judges will listen to the complaint and give their decisions. These decisions must be followed by the governments of the countries.

George_Martin
Sir George Martin (born January 3, 1926) is a (now-retired) British record producer, composer and musical arranger. He is most famous work was his recordings with The Beatles. These were made at Abbey Road Studios during the 1960s.
Early Life and Career.
Martin grew up playing piano with only a few music lessons. He began to compose music in his teens. Martin played with his own band called the Four Tune-Tellers. He dreamed of one day making soundtrack music for movies.
After serving in the Royal Air Force during World War II, Martin went to music school. After he graduated, he worked for the BBC in London. He began working for EMI in 1950. Martin became an assistant at Parlophone Records, a small record label. Parlophone mostly recorded classical music and original cast recordings of popular stage shows and plays.
Martin later became the chief of Parlophone Records. He was also its staff producer. Martin was in charge of recording sessions and chose songs for Parlophone artists to record. He made comedy records (often working with Peter Sellers and Spike Milligan) along with his usual jobs, to help promote the label. When rock and roll became popular in the mid-1950s, Martin began looking for rock groups or artists to join Parlophone. He recorded several such artists, but none of their records became big hits.
The Beatles.
In 1962, Beatles manager Brian Epstein brought Martin a demo (demonstration record) of his band. Epstein had been trying for months to get the band a recording contract. Martin liked what he heard. He saw that the young band were willing to try different things, and gave them an audition (a studio tryout). All the Beatles passed their audition, except for their drummer, Pete Best. Martin was not happy with the skills Best showed. He wanted to replace Best on their recordings. When the band found out, they fired Best, replacing him with Ringo Starr. Starr had played with them before when Best could not be with them to play. Martin used a studio drummer on their first single, "Love Me Do". He did this because there was no time to audition Starr before the record had to be made, but he never did so again.
With Starr as their drummer, and Martin as their producer (who sometimes joined them in playing, to give the records a bigger sound), the Beatles became the most popular act in the history of show business. While Beatles John Lennon and Paul McCartney wrote most of the band's songs, they were musically untrained, as Martin had been earlier. Martin helped develop their musical ideas. He helped the band learn to talk to other musicians about the sounds they wanted to make, and added a classical touch to many of their songs. His work with them made Martin famous. He was able to leave EMI to become a "producer for hire". He started his own company, called Associated Independent Recording (AIR), with some other producers.
When the Beatles began to break up in 1969, Martin felt the tension between the band's members. He was sometimes criticized for not being able to "fix things", or solve their problems. He began turning down sessions with the band. He let the recording engineer or the members themselves do his job. Martin returned to help make their last album (titled "Abbey Road" after the location of the studio), after all the Beatles promised to work with him "like the old days", and let Martin take charge of the sessions once more.
After The Beatles.
Paul McCartney, the most "conventional" (normal) Beatle, worked with Martin several times after the Beatles ended in 1970. John Lennon counted on Martin to turn his sometimes "way-out" ideas into finished records, but he did not always like the way Martin worked, and mostly produced his own solo recordings. George Harrison, the youngest Beatle, found many of his songs and ideas rejected by Martin. Martin later said "I was always rather beastly to George," in trying to make more hit records. Harrison also produced (or co-produced) most of his own solo work. He even built his own recording studio after years of making records at Abbey Road. Martin praised Ringo Starr's "super-steady beat", and the sound his drums gave the Beatles records, but each later worked with other people.
Even years after they broke up, Martin still worked with and for the Beatles and the music they had made together. He remixed many of their recordings for re-issues and compilation records. He made several records of his own with classical and orchestral versions of Beatles tunes, and was the music producer for "Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", a fantasy movie based on their songs, which starred the Bee Gees and Peter Frampton.
Besides the Beatles, Martin worked with other recording artists, including Shirley Bassey, Bernard Cribbins, America, Kenny Rogers, Dudley Moore, and Little River Band. He wrote a book, "All You Need is Ears", that told his life story and explained how many of his most famous recordings were made. During the 1990s, Martin was made a knight by the British government, for his work and his role in popular music.
Martin retired in 1999, and released an album titled "In My Life", which featured many different artists performing Beatles songs. The album included non-musicians like comedian Jim Carrey.

Klaus_Voormann
Klaus Voormann (born April 29, 1942) is a German-born artist and musician, who was a friend of The Beatles. He met them when they played in Hamburg, Germany, where he was going to Art school.
Voormann designed the cover of their "Revolver" album, and later did cover art for "The Beatles Anthology" and some of George Harrison's solo records. He also played bass guitar with Manfred Mann, and on records by John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, and their friend Harry Nilsson.
He also became a record producer, and produced the band Trio, whose biggest hit was "Da Da Da", which was used later in a Volkswagen television commercial.

Julia_Grant
Julia Grant (January 26, 1826 – December 14, 1902), was the wife of Ulysses S. Grant, the President of the United States. She was the First Lady of the United States from 1869 to 1877.
Her parents were Frederick Dent and Ellen Wrenshall Dent. Her birth name was Julia Boggs Dent. She was born at a plantation near St. Louis, Missouri.
After her schooling, she and Ulysses S. Grant got engaged in 1844. At that time, Ulysses S. Grant was a Lieutenant in the US Army. In the meanwhile, Mexican War began. Ulysses went to war. He returned from the war after many years. They married in 1848.

Biotechnology
Biotechnology is a technology or science based on biology, especially when this is used in agriculture, food science, and medicine. It is carried out by biotechnitions in a lab wearing labcoats.
Biotechnology is often used to refer to genetic engineering technology of the 21st century, however the term encompasses a wider range and history of procedures for modifying biological organisms according to the needs of humanity, going back to the initial modifications of native plants into improved food crops through artificial selection and hybridization. Bioengineering is the science upon which all Biotechnological applications are based. With the development of new approaches and modern techniques, traditional biotechnology industries are also acquiring new horizons enabling them to improve the quality of their products and increase the productivity of their systems.

Nancy_Reagan
Nancy Davis Reagan (born July 6, 1921) is the widow of Ronald Reagan, the President of the United States. She acted as the First Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989. Before her marriage to Ronald Reagan on 4th March 1952, she had acted in many movies.
Early life.
Flushing, New York is her birthplace. Her name at the time of her birth was Anne Frances Robbins.The names of her parents were Kenneth Seymour Robbins and Edith Luckett. Edith Luckett was an actress. When Nancy was six years old, her mother married Dr. Loyal Davis. Dr. Loyal Davis was a neurosurgeon. Dr. Davis adopted Nancy as his daughter. She spent her childhood in Chicago, Illinois. She was also goddaughter of Russia-born silent film star Alla Nazimova. Nancy studied at Girls' Latin School and at Smith College in Massachusetts. From Smith College, she majored in theater.
Actress.
After her graduation, she became an actress. She acted in many plays and movies. One of them was the hit musical "Lute Song". She became famous as Nancy Davis. She performed in 11 films from 1949 to 1956. In a movie named Hellcats of the Navy (1957), she played opposite her husband. Her last film was 1958's Crash Landing. After this, she appeared in television dramas until 1962. After 1962, she retired as an actor.
In most of her roles in plays and movies, Nancy Davis played decent characters.
Marriage and family.
She met Ronald Reagan in 1951. At that time Reagan was the president of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG). Another actress with the same name (of Nancy) had appeared in a Hollywood blacklist. This name confusion had created problems for Nancy. Anyone with his or her name in the Hollywood blacklist was unable to get any work in any movie. As she would not get any roles due to the name in the Hollywood blacklist, she met Reagan to clear this issue. Over a period of time, they came closer to each other. They married on 4th March 1952 in Los Angeles, California. Nancy once remembered: "My life really began when I married my husband."
The Reagans had two children. She gave birth to a daughter Patti Davis on 21st October 1952, seven months after the couple's wedding. She gave birth to a son named Ron Reagan on 20th May 1958. Nancy Reagan is also stepmother to Michael Reagan and the late Maureen Reagan, the children of Ronald Reagan's first marriage to actress Jane Wyman.
California First Lady.
Ronald Reagan was governor of California for two terms, from 1967 to 1975. During this period, Nancy Reagan was the First Lady of California.
The officials of the fire department had described official residence of the Governor in Sacramento, California as a “firetrap”. She, therefore, shifted to a wealthy suburb. Some people thought the shifting as an arrogant step.
She was very active as the First lady of California. She visited war veterans, the elderly persons, and the handicapped persons. She also worked with many groups working for charity. One such program was the Foster Grandparent Program. She continued her association with the Foster grandparent program when she came to the Washington as the First Lady of the United States.
The First Lady.
When Ronald Reagan became the president of the United States in 1981, Nancy Reagan began her role actively as the First Lady.
In her early years as the First Lady, a private foundation purchased new dishware for the White House. The cost was $ 200,000. This attracted bad publicity, as the US economy was facing recession at that time. She also used expensive fashion. This also attracted bad publicity sometimes. However, once in 1982 at Gridiron Club, she dressed in ragged clothes and sang "Second-Hand Rose".. This lessened the criticism to some extent.
Nancy Reagan took close interest in the affairs of the White House. Some people believe that she exercised some influence over many matters, particularly during her husband’s second term as the President of the United States. People also remember her for conservative fashions copied by many women of her time. She was also against use of drugs by young persons.
She also got interested in astrology as the First Lady. She used the services of Joan Quigley who was an astrologer. In 1981, her husband faced an assassination attempt. This made Nancy rely on astrology and she tried to influence appointments and movements of her husband based on astrology. At that time the White House Chief of Staff was Donald Regan. He did not find this very useful. There was a struggle between Donald Regan and the First Lady. Donald Regan resigned in 1987.
In October 1987, physicians found that Nancy Reagan had breast cancer. She underwent an operation, mastectomy.
In 1991 Kitty Kelley wrote a book about her. The book’s name is "Nancy Reagan: The Unauthorized Biography". The book became very famous and sold many copies. The book gives certain details like the former First Lady's association with astrology and White House meetings with Frank Sinatra.
In 1983 Reagan, Henry Kissinger (former Secretary of State) and philanthropists Barbara and Marvin Davis, appeared in an episode of the very popular soap opera Dynasty (TV series). In addition, Reagan appeared as herself in an episode of the popular sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes" to underscore her support for her "Just Say No" anti-drug campaign.
Later life.
Nancy Reagan currently resides in Los Angeles, California. She spent much of her time caring for her husband who was suffering from Alzheimer's disease. He died on 5th June 2004. She requested President George W. Bush to support research in the hopes that such research would lead to a cure for Alzheimer's disease.
In 2004, Bob Colacello wrote a book "Ronnie and Nancy: Their Path to the White House, 1911-1980", published by Warner Books.
In 2005 she had gone to London to visit Margaret Thatcher and Charles, Prince of Wales. There she slipped in her hotel room and had to undergo treatment in a hospital.

Weimar
Weimar is a city in the middle of Germany, in the state of Thuringa.
It has about 60,000 inhabitants and a university.
Most famous citizens in the past were the German poets Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller.
The city is well-known for the Weimar Republic, too. It was founded in Weimar in 1919.

Wuppertal
Wuppertal is a city in the west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Wuppertal has about 360,000 inhabitants and an university.
A well-known tourist attraction is the Wuppertaler Schwebebahn, a tram hanging at a steel way 10 m over the river-ground.

Zwolle
Zwolle (Overijssel) is a city in the east of the Netherlands.
It has about 110,000 inhabitants.

Nha_Trang
Nha Thrang (no diacritics) is a city with about 350,000 inhabitants in the middle south of Vietnam. Its name is spelled with no diacritics in the Vietnamese language. It lives on tourism and fishing industry.

Mönchengladbach
Mönchengladbach is a city in the very west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
It is 35 km from Düsseldorf and 15 km from the Netherlands away.
It has about 260,000 inhabitants and a well-known soccer team, Borussia Mönchengladbach.

Neuss
Neuss is a city in the west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. In the local dialect it is called "Nüss" or Neuß. Neuss has about 150,000 inhabitants. It is on the Rhine, opposite the big city of Düsseldorf.
Neuss was founded by the Romans about 2,000 years ago. The Romans called the town "Castra Novesia".

Mülheim
Mülheim an der Ruhr is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to the Ruhr area.

Dominic_Scott
Dominic "Dom" Scott {May 15, 1979) is an Irish guitarist. He is known for being the guitarist of the rock band Keane. In 1995 he asked his friend Tim Rice-Oxley to form a band. They named the band "The Lotus Eaters". They invited Richard Hughes to play the drums.
In 1997 Rice-Oxley asked Scott and Hughes to let Tom Chaplin join the band. Scott and Hughes firstly refused but then accepted.
Rice-Oxley also said in an interview in Mexico: "Dom is a great fan of U2 so maybe we'll met in New York" (Because Keane was the opening band for U2 in 2005).

Offenbach
Offenbach is a city in the German state of Hesse.
It lies on the river Main near Frankfurt am Main. The city has a population of about 120,000 people. The "Deutscher Wetterdienst" (German weather service) is located in Offenbach.
Economy.
Until the early 1970s the economy of Offenbach was mainly the machine-building and leather industries. The city is the home of the German Association for Electrical, Electronic and Information Technologies until today.

TinyIRC
TinyIRC is a console based Internet Relay Chat client for GNU based systems.
There is also an unrelated package of the same name for Microsoft Windows and Mac OSX that you can use to chat on. It is famous for claiming to be the smallest client ever made. However, the aforementioned TinyIRC for GNU based systems is less than half the size. It is shareware, meaning that you get to use it for 30 days, then have to pay money to continue using it.

Haarlem
Haarlem is a city in the Netherlands and the capital of the province North Holland.
It has about 145,000 inhabitants.

Venlo
Venlo is a city in the very east of the Netherlands.
It has about 90,000 inhabitants and lives mainly on one-day-trip-tourism from neighbouring Germany. It used to be a city of the Hanseatic League.

Abbey_Road_Studios
Abbey Road Studios, usually called just "Abbey Road", are the recording studios located inside EMI's headquarters in St. John's Wood, London, England.
Abbey Road had three different studios for most of its history. Other space was turned into a fourth studio later. Studio One is large, and used to be a ballroom. Symphony orchestras and very large bands and groups are recorded there. Studio Two is smaller, and works best for small combos or groups of musicians. Studio Three is much smaller, and is meant for soloists and duos. Studio Four is mostly for post-production, where changes are made to earlier recordings.
The studios are famous for the many great and popular songs and albums recorded there. The Beatles are the most famous recording artists to work at Abbey Road. They made the studios well-known when they talked to the media, about the music they made there. The Beatles even titled their last album "Abbey Road", after the studio location. They mostly recorded in Studio Two, but used One and Three also.

Dumbo
"Dumbo" is a 1941 animated movie produced by Walt Disney and first released on October 23, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures. The fourth film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics, "Dumbo" is based upon a child's book of the same name by Helen Aberson and illustrated by Harold Perl. The main character is Jumbo Jr., a baby elephant who is cruelly nicknamed Dumbo. He is ridiculed for his big ears, but in fact he is capable of flying by using them as wings. Throughout most of the movie, his only true friend aside from his mother is the mouse Timothy, making fun of the stereotype between mice and elephants. "Dumbo" was made to make up for the damages of "Pinocchio" and "Fantasia". The movie has been criticized as being racist (the leader crow in the movie was named "Jim Crow" and the name stuck), yet is also considered to be one of Disney's best movies. It was an attempt to be simple and make profits for the Disney studio, is now generally regarded as a classic of animation. The movie tells the story of a baby elephant named "Dumbo, who can fly with his huge ears. At 64 minutes, it is one of Disney's shortest animated features.
The story.
Mrs. Jumbo sadly looks on how babies are delivered by the stork to other circus animals. As even a baby elephant makes a pretty heavy package, hers is the last to arrive, but soon becomes the laughing stock of the others because of his big ears, getting meanly named "Dumbo" by the others. When Mrs. Jumbo can't take the public making fun of her son, she is locked up as "mad elephant", and Dumbo finds himself all alone. A mouse named Timothy comes and scares the mean herd. He encourages Dumbo and tells the circus director to make Dumbo the top (literally) of an elephant pyramid stunt which ends up literally bringing the house down, and Dumbo is givenn the job of clown. To cheer Dumbo up, Timothy brings him to go see his mother. The next day, they find themselves in a tree with a bunch of crows, who discover that Dumbo can fly.
Dumbo the Flying Elephant.
Dumbo is the main character in the movie. He is an elephant who has huge ears and is able to fly, using his magic feather. Much like Dopey in "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", Dumbo has no said lines. However, in the live-action/puppet television series "Dumbo's Circus", Dumbo was voiced by Katie Leigh.
Timothy the Mouse.
Timothy Q. Mouse is a mouse who became the only friend of elephants Dumbo and his mother Mrs. Jumbo. He teaches Dumbo how to become the ninth wonder of the universe, and the only flying elephant in the whole world.
Mrs. Jumbo.
Mrs. Jumbo is Dumbo's mother. Deeply depressed at not having her baby delivered, she loves her son more than anything. She becomes angry when the boys pick on him.
Other characters include the other elephants who also make fun of Dumbo, the Ringmaster, Mr. Stork and the crows.
Release.
Even though World War II was going on, "Dumbo" was still the most financially successful Disney movie of the 1940s. This was one of the first of Disney's animated films to be broadcast, albeit severely edited, on television, as part of Disney's anthology series. The film then received another distinction of note in 1981, when it was the first of Disney's canon of animated films to be released on home video and also was released in the "Walt Disney Classics" Video Collection in 1985. That release was followed by remastered versions in: 1986, 1989, 1991 (Classics), and 1994 (Masterpiece). In 2001, a 60th Anniversary Special Edition was released. In 2006, a "Big Top Edition" of the film was released on DVD. A UK Special Edition was released in May 2007 and was a successful Disney release.
Reception.
The movie received good reviews and did well at the box office despite being released less then 2 mouths before "World War II".
It also has been known as both classic and a masterpiece,and has received a Special Edition 60th Anniversary Disney DVD on October 23, 2001, exatly 60 years after its first release. That release featured a sneak peak of a direct-to-video sequel called Dumbo II.The preview showed a lot of sketches and storyboard ideas. The main story has to do with Dumbo and his new friends getting separated from the rest of the circus as they wonder into the big city. Dumbo's new friends are Claude and Lolly the twin bears who leave chaos everywhere they go, Dot the curious zebra, Godfrey the hippo who is older and wants to do things for himself, and Penny the adventurous ostrich. Timothy returns as well. The story was supposed to be as if the first Dumbo ended and this one started the next day. The project seems to have been canceled,as no further announcements have been made since, plus the fact that the The Little Mermaid: Ariel's Beginning, Tinker Bell, and its sequels, were to be the last projests for DisneyToon Studios.
The crow characters in the movie are seen as African-American stereotypes.
The leader crow was originally named "Jim Crow" for script purposes, and the name stuck. The other crows are all voiced by African-American actors, all members of the Hall Johnson Choir. Despite suggestions of racism by some, many historians such as Zoe Pritchard reject these claims. For instance, the crows are noted as forming the majority of the characters in the movie who are sympathetic to Dumbo's plight (the others are Timothy Q. Mouse and Mrs Jumbo), are free spirits who serve nobody, and intelligent characters aware of the power of self-confidence, unlike the Stepin Fetchit stereotype common at that time. Furthermore, their song "When I See An Elephant Fly" is more orientated to mocking Timothy Mouse than Dumbo's large ears.
Dumbo's Circus.
"Dumbo's Circus" was a live-action puppet television programme for preschool audiences that aired on The Disney Channel in the 1980s. Unlike in the movie, Dumbo spoke on the show. Each character would perform a special act, which ranged from dancing and singing to telling knock knock jokes.
Theme parks.
Dumbo the Flying Elephant is a popular ride that appears in Walt Disney World’s Magic Kingdom, Disneyland, Tokyo Disneyland, Disneyland Park (Paris), and Hong Kong Disneyland.
Video games.
Dumbo appears as a hero in the game Kingdom Hearts. Sora, the main character, flies on him and Dumbo splashes enemies with water from his trunk.

Tinder
Tinder is a material that is used to start fires easily when lit with a match.

Slovak_language
Slovak is the language spoken in Slovakia, a country in Eastern Europe. It is a Slavic language, a group of languages which includes Russian, Polish and many other East European languages. It is very similar to Czech, and Czechs and Slovaks can understand one another quite well when speaking their own language. Polish and Sorbian are also quite similar. Slovak is spoken in Slovakia by more than 5 million people.
Pronunciation.
Slovak is written using the Roman (Latin) alphabet, but there are some letters which have special signs (called “diacritics”).
The letters č, š, ž and dž are like the English sounds in "ch"in, "sh"in, vi"s"ion and "j"uice.
The letters ď, ľ, ň, and ť are called “soft consonants”. They are pronounced with the blade of the tongue at the roof of the mouth.
C, dz and j are also soft. C is like "ts" in ba"ts", dz is like "ds" in ro"ds", and j is like y in "y"es.
Signs over a vowel show that the vowel is pronounced long: á, é, í, ó, ý ú. A long vowel is never followed in the next syllable by a short vowel.
The ô is like English "wo"mbat, and ä is the same as the letter e.
Ch is like "ch" in Scottish lo"ch". V is more like English "w".
The letters b, d, ď, dz, dž, g, h, z, ž are voiceless when they are at the end of a word (for example: 'd' will sound like 't').
The stress is always on the first syllable of the word. This is different from Russian, for example, where the stress can be anywhere.
Like other Slavic languages, Slovak is difficult for English speakers to pronounce. This is particularly because several consonants often come together. In the sentence: “Strč prst skrz krk!” there is not one single vowel (it means: “Stick a finger through your neck!”)!
Grammar.
Notice that we say “a” suitcase, but Slovak does not have articles (words like “the” and “a”).
There are three genders in Slovak. This means that it is important to know for every noun whether it is masculine, feminine or neuter. There is no article to make it obvious (like in German), but one needs to know in order to decide what the adjective ending will be.
Like in many other European languages, verbs have to agree with the person, i.e. there are different forms for 'I', 'you', 'he' etc. Verbs have different aspects to show whether the action is complete or not. There are also different cases which show the meaning of a word in a sentence. Different prepositions need to be followed by different cases. This all makes Slovak grammar quite complicated for English speakers.
Some Slovak words and phrases.
The numbers from 1 to 10 are: jeden, dva, tri, štyri, päť, šesť, sedem, osem, deväť, desať.
Use the familiar form when talking to a child, and the polite form when talking to an adult.

Bacillus
Bacillus is a kind of bacteria. "Bacilli" are shaped like a rod. Bacilli are usually aerobes, their organism is based on oxygen. Bacillus is also the name of some species in the Bacillus group.
The three bacteria cited above seem to be very similar.

Sea_urchin
Sea urchins are invertebrates that live in the sea. They belong to the same family of animals as the sea stars, sea cucumbers, brittle-stars and crinoids (perhaps better known as "sea lillies"). Sea urchins mostly feed on algae. Their thorns serve to protect them from predators. Stepping on them is quite painful but not dangerous.
Sea otters like to eat sea urchins very much. Some humans eat the reproductive organs of sea urchins (which they call roe). This is popular in Korea. In Japan, this kind of sushi is called "uni". People think it is an aphrodisiac. Sea urchins are well adapted and have very few enemies. Sea urchins are pretty small at 4 inches (10cm).

Che_Guevara
Ernesto Guevara de la Serna (June 14, 1928 - October 9, 1967) was a follower of Karl Marx and a doctor who was born in Argentina. He is commonly called Che Guevara or El Che.
He was born in Argentina in 1928. When he was in college, he learned in Buenos Aires about medicine. During breaks, he traveled and saw how poor some people were in Argentina. He started to think that only fighting could solve this.
When he was done with college, he traveled to Mexico, where he met Fidel Castro, who was planing to start a communist rebellion in Cuba. Ernesto joined Fidel, and fought with him in the revolution. In 1959, Fidel won and became president of Cuba. In 1965 he helped to start revolution in Congo-Kinshasa and Bolivia. He was captured, and the Bolivian Army assassinated him in 1967. His body was not found until the year 1997.

Ljubljana
Ljubljana is capital city of Slovenia. It is also the largest city in that country. The city became the most important settlement in the area when Romans ruled Slovenia. There are many museums with things from that time in Ljubljana.
As of 2002, there are 265,881 people living in Ljubljana. University of Ljubljana is located in Ljubljana.

CD-R
A CD-R (also called Compact Disc Recordable) is a compact disc that can be recorded once. When people record a compact disc, they put either music or data on it.
A compact disc that can be recorded multiple times (and erased) is the CD-RW.

Savitaipale
Savitaipale is a Finnish municipality in the South Karelia region. As of 2006, there are more than 4,100 people living in Savitaipale.
Savitaipale has an area of 690.78 km². 151.63 km² of it is water. The municipality is situated on the coast of the Lake Kuolimo. Helsinki is located 220 km away.
Villages.
Havola, Hyrkkälä, Jokeinmaa, Kaihtula, Karhula, Kaskeinkylä, Kaulio (Kauliala), Kokkola, Korhola, Korpela, Koskeinkylä, Kuivanen, Kunttula, Kurhila (Järviä), Kylliälä, Kärpänen, Laksiainen, Lamminpää, Luotola, Luotolahti, Lyytikkälä, Marttila, Monola, Niinimäki, Paukkula, Peltoinlahti, Pettilä, Purtoismäki, Pöntylä, Rahikkala, Rantala, Ratasalo, Savitaipale, Solkeinkylä, Susivuori, Säänjärvi, Tukiala, Uiminniemi, Valkolanmäki, Virmajärvi, Välijoki

Kauniainen
Kauniainen (Grankulla in Swedish) is a city in Finland. It is part of the Greater Helsinki area. Kauniainen has an area 6.0 km² and is fully located within Espoo.
Kauniainen was officially founded in 1920. It became a city in 1972. There are about 8,550 people living in Kauniainen. Most of them (57 %) speak Finnish as their first language. 39 % have Swedish as their mother tongue.

Joensuu
Joensuu is a city in Finland. It is the centre of the region of North Karelia. Joensuu has an area of 1.312,1 km² and a population of 57,879 people. 138.7 km² of the area is water.
The Finnish capital, Helsinki is located 437 km away from Joensuu. There is a university in Joensuu.
The municipalities of Tuupovaara and Kiihtelysvaara were merged with Joensuu on January 1 2005.

Liguria
Liguria is a region of a Northern Italy. The capital is Genoa.
The population was about 1,610,134 in 2005.

Umberto_Eco
Umberto Eco (January 5, 1932 in Alessandria, Piemonte) is an Italian writer and professor for middle age history in Bologna.
Eco was born in 1932 in Northern Italy.
After his school time he studied philosophy, history, literature and educational sciences.
He finished his studies with a doctoral thesis about Tomas d'Aquino in 1954.
His career as writer began with The name of the rose in 1980.
Biography.
Eco was born in the 5th january of 1932 in the place of Alessandria in a family that had 13 sons, he studied philosophy and humanities in the University of Turin, where became a PhD. He has worked as professor in different centres having prestige and from the year 1971 occupies the chair of semiotics in the University of Bologna. The research of the world of the higher education does that he is a doctor "honoris causa" of thirty institutions.
He had been named satrap of the pataphysics for his humoristic works among which "How to travel with a kangaroo" is important, and for having perfected one of its areas, the cacopedia.
Other qualities come him to be member of the Council of Sages of the UNESCO. Received in the year 2000 the Prize Prince of Asturias of Communication and Humanities.
Has worked also in the mass media and make culture popular. His objects of interest have a centre in the Middle Ages, the languages and the classical. As is strange, he is also an expert at James Bond.

Occitan_language
The Occitan language (Occitan: "Lenga d'òc", French: "Langue d'oc") is a Romance language spoken in parts of southern France, Spain, and Italy.
The Occitan language took a different path from Latin than any of the official languages in the countries mentioned above. It was once called langue d'oc (language of "Oc") because the word for yes was "oc", as opposed to "oil" ("oi") or "sic" ("si"). Latin had no word for yes, and this is one way to distinguish among Romance languages.

Encino,_Los_Angeles
Encino, California is a district of Los Angeles.

Niklaus_Otto
Nikolaus August Otto (June 14, 1832 - January 28, 1891) was a German engineer. He is the inventor of the internal-combustion engine. This engine was the first to burn fuel directly in a piston chamber. Up until his invention, all engines were external-combustion engines and fuel was burnt in a separate compartment.

Divorce
A divorce is the legal end of a marriage. When two people do not want to be married anymore, they can ask the government to be separated. During a divorce, the couple have to decide how to separate any assets that they acquired during the marriage (such as a house, car, furniture, or bonds), and how they share the costs and duties of caring for any children. Many countries have laws and regulations on divorce, and the couple may be required to go to court and appear before a judge or family court.
Impacts.
When a couple gets a divorce, it can be very stressful for both of them; some people become depressed or sad after a divorce. If there are children, the children may also feel sad when the parents are divorced. However, there are many resources that can help people who are divorcing, such as therapists, counsellors, books, and DVDs.

Magical_DoReMi
Magical DoReMi is a girl-oriented anime that follows the adventures of three elementary school girls as they help Patina turn back into a human being. The cartoon is full of music and humor, and is rated for children ages 4 to 7 in the United States.
Story.
The story begins in a town called Port Mystic. Dorie Goodwyn is a third-grader who is interested in magic. After a bad day at school, Dorie wanders into a part of town that is unfamiliar. She then sees The Rusty Broom, an old magic shop, and decides to look inside. There she finds Patina. As Dorie looks around she finds out that it is a real magic shop and that Patina is an actual witch. When Dorie says this to Patina, Patina turns into a green blob. After this, Patina and her fairy, Lorilei, decide to make Dorie train to become a witch so she can return Patina to her original form. Dorie happily agrees, wanting to learn magic.
Dorie becomes a witch in training, commonly called a witchling. Dorie practices using magic. She learns what it is like to be a witch from her experiences. After something very strange happens, Dorie's friends begin to ask questions. Dorie decides to take Reanne and Mirabelle to The Rusty Broom, where they learn what happened with Dorie and also become witchlings so they keep it a secret.
The series follows the lives of Dorie, Reanne, and Mirabelle as they learn, train, and pass tests to become witches.

1270s
The 1270s is the decade starting January 1, 1270, and ending December 31, 1279.

Spinster
A spinster is an older word for an unmarried woman. A word used more often today is "single woman" or "bachelorette".
Other meanings.
A spinster is also someone who spins yarn from wool using a spinning wheel. Spinsters use the yarn to make clothes like a tailor, seamster, seamstress. One famous spinster is the girl in the story of Rumpelstiltskin.

Gland
A gland is a special organ. It can be found in animals (and of course humans). A gland makes a special substance. Very often this is a hormone. This substance is then put into the bloodstream. In this case, the gland is called endocrine gland. If the substance is released to somewhere else, the gland is called exocrine gland.

Fruit_tree
A fruit tree is a tree that produces edible fruits to hold their seeds. However, although every tree produces fruit, not all fruit is edible for humans.

Fürth
Fürth is a city in the German state Bavaria, next to Nuremberg ("Nürnberg").
It has about 112,000 inhabitants. The first German railway connection was between Nürnberg and Fürth.

Vinh
Vinh (no diacritics) is a city in central Vietnam. It has about 230,000 inhabitants. Its name in the Vietnamese language has no diacritics. It is also the kingdom of the albino gorrillas. One of the rarest mammels in the world. They can only can be found in and around the city of Vinh. The most recent sighting of an albino gorrilla was in 2004 by a collage professer that was in Vinh studying multiple human cultures.

Lille
Lille is a city in the north of France. Lille has about 250,000 inhabitants, making it the fourth largest city in France. It is on the border with Belgium.

Fluminense_Football_Club
Fluminense FC is a soccer club in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Amiens
Amiens is a city in France. It has about 145,000 inhabitants.

Māori_language
The Māori language (Māori: Te Reo Māori, shortened to Te Reo) is the language of the Māori and an official language of New Zealand. It is an Austronesian language.

European_sprat
The European sprat is a kind of fish. It is related to the herring. It lives in the ocean, all around Europe. It has about 12% fat in its flesh. It is a source of many vitamins. It is an important fish for commercial fishing, and can be found in many cans in shops. It can also be salted, to preserve it better.

Native_speaker
A native speaker is someone who speaks a language as his or her first language or mother tongue. Native speakers can usually speak the language very well since they speak the language since they were born. A native speaker's language is normally the language their parents speak and the language of the country they live in since birth.

Snakes_on_a_Plane
"Snakes on a Plane" (released in Japan as "Snake Flight" (スネーク・フライト)) is a 2006 movie starring Samuel L. Jackson, about snakes overrunning a plane. The snakes take over the plane, and Samuel L. Jackson's character Neville Flynn kills them all. The movie became very popular before it was released because of the title.

Cell_culture
Cell culture is a way to grow cells in a laboratory. This is done by taking the cells in an early stage of development, and getting them to divide.

Rwandan_Genocide
The Rwandan Genocide was the killing in the central African nation of Rwanda of abatutsi as well as abahutu.
Common mistake.
Though many people think the slaughter took place only from April 6th to mid-July in 1994, the genocide had been happening on a smaller scale since the so-called Hutu Revolution in 1959.
Trivia.
It was five times faster than the Holocaust, and was carried out mostly by tools like imipanga (machetes) and clubs. Many countries did almost nothing to stop it, and some countries, such as France, even helped the génocidaires.
1994.
The 1994 genocide started when the aeroplane of Hutu Rwandan dictator Juvénal Habyarimana was shot down on the night of April 6th. It is still not known who shot the plane down, though many people think that Hutu extremists shot it down in order to make Hutu supporters angry and start the 1994 genocide. Within a half an hour, roadblocks had been set up all over Kigali by the Hutu extremist Interahamwe and Impuzamugambi militias.
Intervention.
They and the army soon began going house to house in Kigali, killing abatutsi (whom the killers called "inyenzi" meaning 'cockroaches') and moderate abahutu. By morning on April 7th the killings had reached full swing in Kigali. Interahamwe were running around with bloody tools killing and looting. Other countries' journalists were able to film many of these things. Abatutsi gathered in places they thought would be safe, like schools and churches. In a few days, the genocide had spread all over the country. Three days later, Westerners were taken away while Rwandans were forced to stay behind.
Example.
One memorable case was at Rwanda's only psychiatric hospital, which had been surrounded by the Interahamwe. Belgian soldiers came to take away Westerners to safety. Journalists had come with them to film what happened. A large group of abatutsi came running out with their hands raised, asking for help. A few of them who could speak French tried negotiating with the soldiers for help. But the soldiers would not let them come. As they left, they could clearly see the Interahamwe starting to kill the batutsi. Similar things happened all over Rwanda.
Recovery.
Recovery has been slow but significant. A gacaca court system has been established to try the killers. A lot of victims are starting to forgive the killers, and it is widely said that the first step to preventing it from happening again is forgiveness instead of vengeance.

Bielsko-Biała
Bielsko-Biała is a city in south Poland with 180,000 inhabitants on 125km2. The city is in the Beskidy mountains.
See also.
Museum in Bielsko-Biała

Nigeria
Nigeria is a country in west Africa. It has more people than any other country in Africa. The capital of Nigeria is Abuja. Nigeria is known for its corruption, where the government workers take a lot of money that was supposed to be used to pay for things like road-building.
From the 1500s to the 1800s, many people from Nigeria were kidnapped and turned into slaves by Europeans, and they were taken to the Americas. From 1901 to 1960, the United Kingdom ruled Nigeria. However, by 1960 the people wanted independence very much, and Britain finally let them have it. For some time after this, Nigeria was a dictatorship, where the leaders stayed in control even if many people disliked them. However, in 1999, Nigeria became a democracy, where people choose their leaders. After that, Olusegun Obasanjo, a Yoruba Christian from the south, became President. In 2007, Umaru Yar'Adua, a Hausa Muslim, was elected to be the next President.
In Nigeria, there are almost equal amounts of Muslims and Christians. Most of the Christians live in the south, and most of the Muslims live in the north. Sometimes, like in the Nigerian Civil War (when the Igbo people of Biafra fought to become independent from Nigeria), the two groups fight each other based on religion. Also, a small amount of Nigerians follow traditional religions.
Nigeria produces a large amount of oil, and some fighting has been going on because many people want a share of the oil profits. This fighting has been happening in the area called the Niger Delta, where the Niger River flows into the Atlantic Ocean.
The largest city in Nigeria is Lagos. Nigeria has both grasslands and rainforests, and can get very hot, because it is close to the Equator.

ESSEC
The ESSEC is an important school teaching business to adults in France. It was created in 1907 in Paris, but it has moved to Cergy-Pontoise, a city west of Paris, in 1973.
In 2006, ESSEC set up a campus in Singapore, Asia. Twice a year, about 40 ESSEC students go and study there.

The_Zutons
The Zutons are a rock band from Liverpool, England. They formed in 2001. They are on the Deltasonic record label. The band were nominated for the British Breakthrough Act award at the 2005 Brit Awards.
Albums.
Their first album, "Who Killed... The Zutons?", was released on 18 October, 2004, and got to number 9 in the United Kingdom album chart. It came with a printed 3-D cover, and special glasses to view the cover. Many fans wore the glasses to concerts. The album was a nominee for the 2004 Mercury Music Prize.
The new album Tired of Hanging Around was released on April 17, 2006 and reached 2 in the UK album charts. The band went around the UK doing concerts in May 2006 following the release of this album. Their second UK tour will begin in November 2006.

Vending_machine
A Vending machine is a automatic machine that sells food such as canned soups and packaged sandwiches, snacks such as potato chips, chocolate bars, and candy); hot drinks (coffee, tea, and hot chocolate); cold drinks (juice, bottled water, soft drinks, and in some cases, milk or chocolate milk); or other items such as newspapers or cigarettes. Vending machines in bathrooms sometimes sell condoms, mouthwash, or toothpaste and toothbrushes.
How do vending machines work?
The machines usually work, when some money (usually coins) is put in a slot. Then, a button needs to be pushed, or a lever pulled. If there is enough money in the machine, the selected item will be dropped to a tray, where it can be taken out by the person making the purchase.

Sight-reading
Sight-reading (or sight-singing for singers) is the ability to play music that one has never seen before. It is important to be able to read music well in order to sight-read.
Many people who learn to play an instrument will take examinations from time to time. One of the tests that is usually required for an examination is some sight-reading.
People who find it hard to read music will find it hard to sight-read. The best way to improve is by regular practice. People who play in orchestras will need to be good sight-readers because they often have to play music that they have never seen or heard before.
People who learn the piano often find sight-reading hard because they have to read two staves at once (one for each hand). Playing through lots of easy music is a good way to improve. Playing piano duets with a friend is also great fun.
When someone is reading aloud their eyes are looking several words ahead of the word they are speaking. In the same way a good sight-reader will try to look ahead of the notes he is playing. The player is "anticipating" (thinking about what is going to happen next). In this way he can try to make the music expressive, even if it means leaving out some of the notes.
A good sight-reader will be able to see the printed music and imagine what the notes should sound like. In this way he will not need to keep looking at his fingers to check whether he is playing the correct notes.
Some pianists are very good at sight-reading. The pianist John Ogdon was able to read extremely difficult modern music at first sight.

Executable
An executable is a computer program written by a programmer and compiled by a compiler (See programming). When it is run, it 'executes' (or does) the actions it was programmed to.
An example of a compiler is the GNU C Compiler, or GCC for short. It reads in program text written in the computer programming language "C", and converts it into binary machine code, so computers can understand it.

Sanja_Stijačić
Sanja Stijačić is Serbian flutist and professor at the Faculty of Arts (Priština), University of Priština in Kosovska Mitrovica, Serbia and at the University of East Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Minuet
A minuet is a dance which was popular in the 18th and 19th centuries in France. It was danced by the aristocracy, especially at the court of King Louis XIV.
Sometimes the French spelling menuet is used, or the Italian minuetto. It was a moderate or slow dance. There were always three beats in a bar (3/4 time).
Composers liked the music of the minuet and often wrote them just as pieces of music for a keyboard or other instruments. Composers like Bach and Handel included them in their suites (collection of dance movements). Lully started to put them in his operas, often in pairs: Minuet I, Minuet II, then Minuet I repeated. Often the second minuet would be played by three instruments, so it was called a trio.
In the Classical music period the minuet and trio were used in symphonies and sonatas. They usually formed the third movement of a four movement work. Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven all wrote minuets and trios. Gradually the minuets became faster so that they were called scherzos. By the 19th century the waltz had become fashionable among the new middle class. The polite minuet went out of fashion.

Molise
Molise is a region in the center of Italy on the Adriatic Sea. The capital is Campobasso. The population was about 322,000 in 2004.

Family_(biology)
A family is a rank used in the biological taxonomy of all organisms. Each family is split into Genera, the plural for genus. There are multiple families in each order. Usually, the name of the family ends with a "idae" for animals, and "aceae" for plants. There are also subfamilies and superfamilies. Subfamilies end with "inae".
In latin, family is "familia".

Campania
Campania is a region of the south of Italy. The capital is Napoli. The population in 2004 was about 5,701,931.

Vicenza
Vicenza is an Italian city. It has about 114,483 inhabitants.

Prototheria
Prototheria is a subclass of mammals. The only surviving animals in it are the Monotremes.

Air_gun
An air gun is a gun which uses gas to fire a projectile instead of burning gunpowder that an ordinary gun uses.
The oldest air guns used a spring to compress (squeeze) air in a tube. When the gun was fired the air was released. The only way for the air to go was by pushing the pellet out. A spring loaded gun can only fire one shot before the spring has to be reset. Newer guns use air or another gas in a small cartridge, these guns can fire many more shots before the cartridge needs to be changed or refilled.
The projectile for an air gun is usually a pellet. Some guns of this sort fire small round pellets call "bb"s. Some people think this means ball bearing, but it does not. The letters bb stood for a size of shot that was used to make shotgun cartridges, This was used in the first bb guns.
The most popular calibres (pellet sizes) for air weapons are mm (also called.177 to.22). In many countries there are strict rules that limit the sales of air guns so not everyone can have one.
They are not as powerful as other guns but they can still kill people.
Many people enjoy air rifle and pistol shooting either for fun or hunting. In the Olympics and Commonwealth Games air pistols are used in some of the shooting events.

Hobsonville
Hobsonville is a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand. It is on the Western shores of the Waitemata Harbour in Waitakere City.

Chad_Smith
Chadwick Gaylord Smith (born October 25, 1962 in Saint Paul, Minnesota, USA) is a drummer in the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. He joined the band in 1989 with John Frusciante when guitarist Hillel Slovak died of a heroin drug overdose, and Jack Irons left because of his friend dying. Chad has stayed in the band since then, playing the drums for every single album up to today.

Lecco
Lecco is a city in northern Italy. Lecco is in the Lombardy Region with a population of 46.477 inhabitants.

Truman_Capote
Truman Capote was an author. He is most famous for writing the half-true novel, "In Cold Blood". The novel is based on a murder that happened in Kansas in the 1950's. He became good friends with the man accused of the murder. He was born in 1924 and died in 1984, at age 59.

Vercelli
Vercelli (it:Vercelli) is an Italian city in Piemonte of about 46,000 people live there.

Ancona
Ancona (it:"Ancona") is a city in the province of Ancona in Marche, Italy. It has about 102.000 inhabitants.

Södermanland
Södermanland is a province of Sweden. A part of Stockholm is in Södermanland.

Hideki_Tojo
Hideki Tojo was a leader of Japan during World War 2.
In the 1930s, Hideki Tojo fought in the Sino-Japanese war, leading Japanese forces in occupied Manchuria. He returned to Tokyo in 1940 and held ministerial posts, where he urged an alliance with Germany and Italy against the Allied forces. Tojo became Prime Minister in 1941 and within two months ordered a surprise attack on U.S. naval forces in Hawaii. (The subsequent attack on Pearl Harbor was planned by Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto.) Tojo served as the political and military leader of Japan until 1944, when he was demoted by Hirohito. After the war the Allies found Tojo guilty of war crimes and hanged him.

William_E._Nelson
William E. Nelson (born February 18, 1941) is an Environmental Wax Researcher.

List_of_cat_breeds
This is a list of cat breeds. The breeds listed here are old traditional breeds, and also rare breeds or new breeds that are still being developed. Please see individual articles for more information.

Phil_Spector
Harvey Phillip Spector (born December 26, 1940 in the Bronx, New York) is an American musician (piano, guitar), songwriter and record producer. He is most famous as a producer. He was co-owner of Philles Records (with then-business partner Lester Sill), and later owner of Phil Spector Records.
Early work: The "Wall of Sound".
Spector's signature style was called the Wall of Sound. He used large amounts of echo, doubling and multiplying of musical instruments and the parts to be played, and overdubbing of recorded parts. The built-up effect gave his records an operatic, theatrical quality. The music sounded "bigger than life". The effect carried over especially well on AM radio, which was how most music was broadcast in the 1950s and 1960s.
The recording artists who worked with Spector over the years included The Crystals ("Then He Kissed Me"), The Ronettes ("Be My Baby"), The Righteous Brothers ("You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'", Gene Pitney ("Every Breath I Take"), Darlene Love ("(Today I Met) The Boy I'm Gonna Marry"), and Tina Turner ("River Deep, Mountain High"). Sonny Bono and Cher were among his backup singers. He married Veronica (Ronnie) Bennett of the Ronettes, who took the name Ronnie Spector.
Spector's strongest work was in creating hit singles. He knew many fans never listened to the B-sides of singles, and radio seldom played them, so often his B-sides would feature an instrumental jam session, without the singers credited on the record, and with titles like "Flip and Nitty". Spector also disliked albums. He called them "two hit (song)s, and ten pieces of junk". When stereo became more popular than mono in recording, Spector didn't follow the trend. In later years he wore a red badge in public, with the words BACK TO MONO.
Many other producers and musicians imitated the Wall of Sound style, or included elements of it in their own work, including Brian Wilson of The Beach Boys. Wilson thought of Spector as his biggest rival, although the two did work together on one song, that was used in a public service announcement.
Hits, and misses.
Not all of Spector's productions became hits. One record, "He Hit Me (And It Felt Like A Kiss)" was pulled from release after complaints were made by listeners, about the song's theme. (The song was later performed by singer Courtney Love.) Another record, "This Could Be The Night" (working with both Harry Nilsson and Chip Douglas), went unreleased, although radio disc jockey Rodney Bingenheimer used it later as his show's theme song. "(Let's Dance) The Screw" was a private kiss-off to Lester Sill, when his partnership with Spector ended badly, and only a few copies were pressed. "River Deep, Mountain High", which Spector thought of as his all-time best work, drew little attention in the United States, but it was a hit in other countries.
"A Christmas Gift to You".
One of the few full albums Spector produced, "A Christmas Gift to You", was released in 1963. The album featured nearly all of the artists Spector worked with regularly. The album didn't become a hit at first, but it went on to become a Christmas perennial. Many music listeners consider the album a masterpiece.
The Beatles.
The Beatles handed over the rough tapes of their unfinished "Get Back" album for Spector to post-produce, after John Lennon and George Harrison both worked successfully with him on "Instant Karma!'", which became a hit single for Lennon. "Let it Be" was the title for the finished album (and movie, filmed during the recording sessions). Beatles fans bought and enjoyed the album and its singles, but some fans and experts disliked portions of Spector's work. Paul McCartney hated the changes Spector made to "The Long and Winding Road", which he meant to have a simple accompaniment, but was released with a choir and orchestra added. McCartney never recorded with Spector, but the other three Beatles worked with him several times, on solo recordings.
On camera.
Spector appeared as an actor a few times. One appearance was in an episode of "I Dream of Jeannie", as a music producer. Another was in the movie "Easy Rider", as a rich man who buys cocaine from the two main characters. A character in a 1970 movie, "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls", was based on the way many people saw Spector. He appeared as himself in scenes from "Imagine", a 1973 film about the recording of John Lennon's 1971 album of the same name.
Later work.
Spector worked less often in the 1970s and 1980s, and his most notable work from those years was with The Ramones and Yoko Ono, the widow of John Lennon. Spector and Ronnie were divorced, and she sued him years later for unpaid royalties from her years as a singer. She collected over a million dollars, after many years of going to court. Spector spent much of his time as a "retired celebrity", staying home at his Alhambra, California mansion or dining out. He sometimes invited women guests home, after a night out drinking alcohol. Some of the women reported later having a pleasant time with Spector. Others told stories of being abused, detained, or threatened with a gun.
Arrest and trial.
In February 2003, police were called to Spector's home to investigate a shooting. Actress Lana Clarkson was found dead on the grounds. Spector was charged with second-degree murder. He admitted possible guilt or involvement in Clarkson's death privately, but decided to plead not guilty in court. Attorney Robert Shapiro was hired to defend him, but Bruce Cutler, and later Linda Kenney-Baden, took over the job. Spector's case went to trial in the spring of 2007, and ended in a mistrial that fall. Spector is waiting to be tried again.

Shrew
A shrew is a small mammal that resembles a mouse, at first sight. Unlike mice, shrews are not rodents, they feed on Insects mostly, and are in the order Insectivora. Despite the fact, that the name sounds similar, treeshrews are also completely different, and are in the order Scandentia.

Kangaroo_rat
Kangaroo rats are small rodents. Originally they come form North and Central America. Their name comes from the fact that they look like little Kangaroos, when they are standing upright. Two animals are not related, though, except that both are mammals. The genus of these animals is called Dipodomys.
Currently, there are 22 species in that genus. They vary in size from 10 cm to 20cm, and weight is anywhere between 35 grams and 180 grams for adult animals.
Kangaroo rats live in dry climates. This means that they have developed similar traits to other species that live in similar climate, but are not related to them. Those species are the jerboas, which can be found in the deserts of Africa and Asia, and the hopping mice of the Australian Outback.
All of those species have highly developed hind legs. They also live in deep burrows that protect them from the worst heat of the day. They drink water very rarely, since it may be hard to find. Instead, they have a very efficient metabolism. Their kidneys are much more efficient than human kidneys. They can also chemically split off water from the food they eat.
Kangaroo mice are found in areas if the United States and Mexico, where there is some grass or vegetation left, but which have a rather dry climate. Scientists call those areas arid and semi-arid. The animals live on seeds, leaves, nuts and other fruit they can find. They also catch insects. They are also known for stockpiling (keeping) some food in their burrows, for bad times.
Usually the animals have a color that blends in nicely with the sandy surroundings. Most often they are a tone of dark yellow to deep brown.

Flag_of_Estonia
The flag of Estonia has three colours and is made of three equal horizontal bands coloured blue (top), black, and white (bottom). Blue mirrors the sky, black the colour of the soil and national coat, and white the peoples' happiness and light. In Estonian language it is called the "sinimustvalge" (literally "blue-black-white"), after the colours of the bands. The flag was designed in the 1880s and adopted when Estonia became independent in 1918.

Cognac
Cognac is an alcoholic drink. It is made from grapes. It is a kind of brandy. This means there is 40 percent of alcohol or more in it. It is made around the city of Cognac. Only a few very special kinds of grapes may be used to produce the brandy.
The most important cognac importers are the United States, followed by Great Britain and Japan.

Reggio_Calabria
Reggio Calabria (it:Reggio Calabria) is an Italian city in Calabria of 190,127 inhabitants.

Sindian_City
Sindian City Chinese:新店市; POJ: Sin-tiàm-chhī, historically spelled "Hsintien" (Wade-Giles) and spelled "Xindian" (Hanyu Pinyin) on signs in Taipei City, is a city in the southern part of Taipei County, Taiwan Province of the Republic of China. "Sindian" is the Tongyong Pinyin spelling of the city's name.

Noel_Edmonds
Noel Ernest Edmonds (born December 22 1948) is an English television presenter. He is best known for hosting the television programmes "Noel's House Party" and "Deal Or No Deal". Recently Noel Edmonds has been hosting a new game show called "Are You Smarter Than A Ten Year Old".
He was also a DJ on BBC Radio 1 throughout the 1970s.

Pieve_Ligure
Pieve Ligure is an Italian town in the region of Liguria in the province of Genoa in Italy. The population in "Pieve Ligure" is 2,458.
Pieve has a sea and hill environment. There are no beaches on the coast, but only rocks. The highest place of the town is S. Croce (516 m). The economy is based on agriculture and tourism.

Cromwell_current
The Cromwell current is the name of a submarine river. It was discovered in 1952 by the scientst Thomas Cromwell. It is 250 miles (400 km) wide. It flows to the east. The current appears about 300 feet below the surface of the Pacific Ocean at the equator.
The "Cromwell current" carries a lot of oxygen and nutrients. It is very rich in marine life.

Orchestration
It can mean: the study of how to write music for an orchestra.
It can also mean the list of instruments that are used in a particular piece of music.
People who want to compose music for orchestras need to study orchestration. They can do this by reading books about orchestration, but also they can do this by studying orchestral scores and listening to orchestras in concerts or on CDs. Students at music colleges will also practise orchestration by taking piano music and arranging it for orchestra.
The word instrumentation means almost the same thing as “orchestration”. “Instrumentation” means: understanding each instrument and knowing about all the sounds they can make. It can be about any music with instruments, whereas “orchestration” refers to the orchestra from its beginnings in the 17th century to the present.
Orchestration is all about understanding how to write well for different instruments, how to combine them so that they sound well together and balance well.
Sometimes composers leave the orchestration of their works to other people. Leonard Bernstein is famous as the composer of "West Side Story", but although he composed all the notes he left it to other people to orchestrate. The composer Maurice Ravel took a piano piece by Modest Mussorgsky (who had died forty years earlier) called "Pictures at an Exhibition" and arranged it for orchestra. Most people know this version rather than Mussorgsky’s piano version.
Hector Berlioz and Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov are two famous composers who were particularly brilliant at writing for orchestra. They both wrote books on orchestration which are still very useful today.

Queensland
Queensland is a state in eastern Australia. It is the second largest state by area and the third largest state by population. It has 4,000,000 people. Its capital city is Brisbane. It occupies the north-east corner of the continent. The state is neighboured by the Northern Territory to the west, South Australia to the south-west and New South Wales to the south. To the east, Queensland is bordered by the Coral Sea and Pacific Ocean.
The area was first colonised by native Australians and Torres Strait Islanders, who arrived between 40 000 and 65 000 years ago. Later, Queensland was made a British Crown Colony that was separated from New South Wales in 1859. The area that currently forms Brisbane was originally the Moreton Bay punishment colony, intended as a place for criminals with a repeated offence history who had offended while serving out their sentences in New South Wales. The state later encouraged free settlement, and today Queensland's economy is dominated by the agricultural, tourist and natural resource sectors.
The population is concentrated in the south-east corner, which includes the capital Brisbane, Ipswich, Logan City, and the Gold and Sunshine Coasts. Other major regional centres include Cairns, Townsville, Mackay, Rockhampton, Bundaberg, Toowoomba, and Mount Isa. Queensland is often nicknamed the Sunshine State, since it enjoys warm weather and a sizable portion of the state is in the tropics.

Vytorin
Vytorin is a clinical drug made up of chemicals called ezetimibe (right image) and simvastatin (Left image) to help people with diseases that change the amount of fats in the blood.

Anaphylaxis
Anaphylaxis is a severe and fast multi-system allergic reaction. Anaphylaxis is triggered by a substance, called an allergen, that the body believes is bad. Very small amounts of allergens can still cause anaphylaxis. Anaphylaxis is a severe medical emergency, as the airway quickly closes. The brain can not survive more than a few minutes without oxygen. Death within minutes is possible. The most severe type, called "anaphylactic shock", will cause death very quickly if not treated.
Emergency treatment.
Calling for help is very important when dealing with anaphylaxis because medical help is needed immediately. CPR or Rescue breathing may be necessary if the patient stops breathing on their own. Epinephrine should be given to the person right away, because the epinephrine prevents the airway from constricting more and keeps the heart beating. Most people who have been diagnosed with anaphylaxis carry an EpiPen (pictured) or something similar to use in the event of anaphylactic shock. EpiPens contain epinephrine.

Kornwestheim
Kornwestheim is a city in Baden-Württemberg. It is the third biggest city of the Ludwigsburg district, behind Ludwigsburg and Bietigheim Bissingen.
Since 1956, Kornwestheim has been an administrative district town in Baden-Württemberg.
Geography.
Kornwestheim lies about 10 km in the north of Stuttgart. In the southwest "Neckarbecken" at the east edge of the "Strohgäus" in "being enough so mentioned field". In the city the wood or Gänsbach flows eastward to the Neckar.
Neighbour cities.
Möglingen, Ludwigsburg and Remseck at the Neckar (all district Ludwigsburg) as well as Stuttgart (urban area)
City arrangement.
The city of Kornwestheim consists of the town center and the quarter Pattonville. The latter became only at the beginning of the 1990er years part of the city Kornwestheim. Originally it belonged to the Gemarkung Aldingen. In the year 1954 were established the settlement by the US army. After their departure a Company bought the area of the federation and divided it on the city Kornwestheim and the municipality Remseck a corner at the Neckar up. Afterwards the new quarter civilian one settled. The western part belonged since that time to the city grain west home, the larger, eastern part to the city Remseck a corner at the Neckar.
City hall tower.
The city hall tower was built in the year 1935 and is with 9°11'11 of " eastern length and 48°51'39 " northern latitude, serves not only as city hall tower, but also as water tower with a container of 800 cubic meters volumes and as clock tower.
Space planning.
Kornwestheim forms a central center with the neighbouring district town Ludwigsburg within the region Stuttgart, whose upper center is Stuttgart. To the central range Ludwigsburg/Kornwestheim belongs still the cities and municipalities in the south and the east of the district Ludwigsburg, in detail: Affalterbach, Asperg, Benningen at the Neckar, earthling living, free mountain at the Neckar, Grossbottwar, Hemmingen, Marbach at the Neckar, Markgröningen, Möglingen, Murr, Pleidelsheim, Remseck a corner at the Neckar, Schwieberdingen and Steinheim to the Murr.

Everett,_Washington
Everett, Washington, an All-America City, is a rich landscape of choices. Small startups thinking big. Fortune 500 companies delivering larger-than-life innovations. Some of the best salmon and steelhead fishing in the world. Boasting the second-largest marina on the West Coast. Home of the Everett Silvertips ice hockey team, Everett Hawks football team and AquaSox minor league baseball team. Enjoying more than 1,600 acres of beautiful parks, trails and playgrounds and nearly 50 miles of freshwater and saltwater shorelines.
Other websites.
Everett, Washington is a city in the American state of Washington.
Everett is the county seat of Snohomish County.

Ballade_(musical_form)
"This article is about the instrumental ballade that was popular in the 19th century.
For the medieval French ballade see Ballade "
A ballade is a piece of music, usually for piano. It has several tunes, and one can easily imagine that it is telling a story (a ballade is a medieval French song which tells a story).
The first composer who used the title “ballade” for his piano pieces was Frédéric Chopin. He wrote four ballades. They are quite free in form. Chopin does not tell us about any particular story he had in mind. Perhaps they are just musical stories. They are four of his finest works.
Later on other composers also wrote ballades: César Franck and Franz Liszt in particular. Johannes Brahms wrote ballades for piano which are quite like songs in their form. Edvard Grieg wrote a ballade which was based on a Norwegian song.
Gabriel Fauré wrote a ballade for piano and orchestra. Some composers wrote ballades for orchestra, but they are really like short symphonic poems.

Berlin_Hauptbahnhof
Berlin Hauptbahnhof is the central railway station of the German capital Berlin. It began full operation two days after a ceremonial opening on May 26, 2006.
It is on the site of the old Lehrter Bahnhof. Until it opened as a main line station, it was a stop on the Berlin S-Bahn suburban railway temporarily named Berlin Hauptbahnhof – Lehrter Bahnhof from 2002.
The station is the largest in terms of traffic volume in Europe (for a through-station, as opposed to a head-station). The largest station Europe in terms of traffic volume is Paris Gare du Nord but, if it is also a through-station for most local ones, it is obviously a head station for long-range trains.
The longest route that runs through Berlin Hauptbanhof is the Sibirjak. It links Berlin to some cities in Russia. It passes through Poland, Belarus, Russia and Kazakhstan. The longest route offered goes to Novosibirsk. This takes almost four days to travel.

Helmut_Kohl
Helmut Josef Michael Kohl (born April 3, 1930 in Ludwigshafen am Rhein) is a German CDU politician.
From 1969 to 1976 he was the Minister President of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate and from 1982 to 1998 Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany. Kohl helped to arrange the process of German reunification and participated considerably in the European unity process.
His involvement with the CDU donation affair, and in particular offences against party law is open to question

The_Open_Championship
The Open Championship - often known as the British Open outside the United Kingdom and Ireland - is the oldest of the four major championships in men's golf. The event is hosted annually by one of several prestigious golf clubs in the United Kingdom and is administered by The R&A regardless of its location. In 2008 it takes place at Royal Birkdale.

Abdul_Aziz_Al_Ghurair
Abdul Aziz Al Ghurair (1954) from the United Arab Emirates is the chief executive of the publicly traded MashreqBank. His family's most valuable holding is worth an estimated "$8 billion".

Kim_Possible
Kim Possible is a Disney Channel original Emmy Award winner and American cartoon series about a teenage girl, of the same name as the cartoon, who has the task of dealing with worldwide, family, and school problems every day. She also fights crime.

K.I.S.S.
K.I.S.S. stands for "Keep It Simple, Smartypants" (or Keep It Simple, Stupid.) It is used when someone explains something a little too difficult to understand. This term is used on the Internet.

Confederation_of_African_Football
The Confederation of African Football often referred to as just CAF, is the organization that controls African football.

Public_transport
Public transport is a way for the public (all the people) to travel around. It is a way for people to travel quickly and cheaply not in their cars. Public transport lets many people travel at the same time.
History.
Public Transport started a long time ago around 1826 in Nantes, France and has become the easiest way to travel.
The first forms of public transport were ferries (big public boats), and animals, such as horses. Horses also pulled carts. People would sit in the carts and then the horses would pull them where they wanted to go.
Types of Public Transport.
The main types of Public Transport are buses, trolleybuses, trams and trains. Trams have been around for a very long time and they used to be pulled by horses. They were first used in the late 1860's. Now trams are electric and run on a line of cable. Buses are like big cars and they drive on the road. Trolleybuses like buses, but they use electricity and are with 2 poles. Trains run on a track and are very fast. Many places in the world use trams and trains as the best way for going places.
Who uses Public Transport?
Many people use public transport. Many people who don’t have cars use buses, trolleybuses, trams to go places near their house, and they use trains to go places far away. Public transport is good because it is easy to use so anybody can go on it.
How to use it.
When using public transport people need a ticket or card to be able to get on. On trams they get a ticket that they put in a machine and it tells them when their ticket runs out. On buses and trolleybuses they buy their ticket from the driver and put it into a machine, and on trains they use a ticket to get into the train station to catch their train. A timetable tells them when they come.
Good things.
Public transport is also very good for the environment. When people use public transport it means that there are fewer cars on the road. With fewer cars on the road there is less pollution created in the world.
Another good thing about public transport is the cost. It is very cheap to catch public transport every day and lots of people like public transport better than their cars.
Sloped or vertical.
Some of these types are often not for use by the general public, e.g. elevators in offices and apartment buildings, buses for personnel or school children, etc.
Nodes and stops.
In addition one can alight from and usually board a taxi at any road where stopping is allowed. Some fixed-route buses allow getting on and off at suitable unmarked locations along that route, typically called a hail-and-ride section.
Free systems.
Free or Zero-fare public transport services are funded in full by means other than collecting a fare from passengers.
Zero-fare services may be funded by national, regional or local government through taxation or by commercial sponsorship by businesses.They usually use relatively small vehicles such as buses and trams.
Several mid-size European cities and many smaller towns around the world have converted their entire bus networks to zero-fare.
Local zero-fare shuttles or inner-city loops are far more common than city-wide systems.
Tourist attraction.
Some means of rail-based public transport are also tourist attractions and/or well known landmarks in their own right. These include San Francisco's famous cable cars, the Molli steam powered train in Bad Doberan, the kusttram along the whole Flemish coast, the Schwebebahn Wuppertal, the Seattle Monorail, and the Christchurch Tram

Zak_Starkey
Zak Starkey (September 13, 1965) is the son of Beatles drummer Ringo Starr. Like his father he is also a drummer and has played with groups like The Who and Oasis.

Super_Mario_Galaxy
Super Mario Galaxy is a video game by Nintendo. The game is for the Wii. "Super Mario Galaxy" is very different from older Mario games, and has some new gameplay in it.
Story.
Bowser has captured Princess Peach again, this time using a surprise attack over the so-called Mushroom Kingdom, with a battle fleet of flying boats by pulling the castle out of its foundation. Mario barely grasps onto the dug out piece of Earth, but is knocked off by one of Bowser's allies. He drifts out into intergalactic space, unconscious.
After waking up on a peculiar planet, Mario finds a playful star like creature, named a Luma and he must play hide and seek with the Luma and his friends to gain information about where he is. After succesfully capturing all Lumas, the first Luma leads Mario up to a podium, where a beautiful woman in blue robes stands waiting. The woman is named Rosalina and she moves around space by using her mobile Observatory. It was her who gave the name 'Luma', after finding the first Luma, named 'Luma'. According to her story, one day she finds Luma stranded on Earth; this is the first time for her meeting Luma. She says that the observatory after Bowser stole its Grand Stars, which give the observatory its power.
Mario must follow Bowser all the way out into outer space, find power stars and Grand Stars, defeat him, and rescue Peach with help of Lumas, launch stars, natives of different kinds of galaxies, and the Toad Brigade, a group of Toads.
The game play is very similar to "Super Mario 64" with special moves done with the Wii Remote.
Gameplay.
In Super Mario Galaxy, Mario can do a Star Spin attack, and can jump from planet to planet. The creator of the Mario games, Shigeru Miyamoto, is the director of this game, and gave Mario moves he has never had before.
Features.
Like the shines of "Super Mario Sunshine" or the stars of "Super Mario 64", "Galaxy" has things called star bits. They may be used to progress in certain parts of the game, or they can be used to stun enemies. Mario can collect star bits using the Wii Remote, simply by pointing at them. Mario can gain a life if he collects 50 of them.
The coin system has also changed. In the previous two games, every 100 coins collected earned a life, but in "Galaxy" he only needs 50. Also, Mario will not be able to collect 100 coins to get a star in a level; instead, once he defeats Bowser for the last time, the player can choose to return to a level, select the "Purple Comet" star, and can try to collect 100 purple coins (not normal coins) to earn a star.

Euronext
Euronext is a stock exchange in Europe, located in places such as Belgium, France, Netherlands, Portugal and the United Kingdom.
Euronext was created on September 22 2000, when the stock exchanges of Amsterdam, Brussels Stock Exchange and Paris Bourse were joined together in a merger. In recent years, Euronext has become the fifth largest stock exchange on the planet.

Counting
Counting is something people do to find out how many things there are of any kind.
One way to count.
The person counting usually starts with the number one, and gives this number to the first thing. The next thing is given the number two. Then, the next thing is given the number three. If there is another thing, it gets the number four. More things get more numbers. Each thing gets its own number in this way. The last number given to the last thing counted shows how many things there are.
More counting.
Counting is starting at a number and changing it up or down a certain number of times. In the examples above, counting started at one and then it changed by one each time something was counted. So at first the count was one. Then the count was changed by one, and one plus one is two, so the count was two. Then the count of two was changed by one again, and two plus one is three, so the count was three.
Counting can go up or down. Counting can be done on fingers.
More about counting.
It has been shown that some birds are good at counting. Crows
are birds that are good at counting.

Sudoku
(also called "Number Place" or "Nanpure") is a puzzle that is very popular in Japan. It was created in Indianapolis in 1979 by Howard Garns and it appeared in Dell Magazines afterwards.
Some magazines spell Sudoku as Su Doku.
To play, a person needs a sudoku grid (with nine rows, nine columns, and nine boxes that are separated by the thicker, darker lines) and a pen or pencil. Using the pen or pencil, the person must fill in all the empty squares without using the same number twice in each column, row, or box.
Many books have been created containing tips and strategies for completing sudoku puzzles. Books containing collections of puzzles have also been made, as well as internet Sudoku generators (computer programs that generate Sudoku puzzles).
Variations.
There are many Sudoku variations that have been created since the original Sudoku's release.
Jigsaw Sudoku.
Jigsaw Sudoku (also called Squiggly Sudoku or Odd Sudoku) is just like a regular Sudoku puzzle, except that instead of the lines being perfect, they are different. Like regular Sudoku puzzles, you have to complete the grid.
Samurai Sudoku.
Samurai Sudoku is a Sudoku variation that has 5 overlapping Sudoku grids formed like a big X. These puzzles are big and take a long time to complete. Like regular Sudoku puzzles, you have to complete all 5 grids in order to complete the puzzle.
Mini Sudoku.
Mini Sudoku is played on a 6x6 grid with 3x2 regions. The object is the same as in Sudoku, but the puzzle only uses the numbers 1 through 6.
Logic 5.
Logic 5 is another Sudoku variation that uses 5x5 grids instead of 3x3 grids, and are in use at the Sudoku World Championships.

High-definition_television
High-definition television (HDTV) is a new television broadcasting system which uses a higher resolution than a normal television. With HDTV we can watch television in higher quality than old television, giving a more vivid and clear screen.
Most HDTV systems use digital signals. And HDTV has a 16:9 aspect ratio. This is different than SDTV (standard-definition television) which uses analog signals and a 4:3 aspect ratio.
HDTV picture resolution is at least twice that of SDTV, so it can present a more vivid screen than analog television or DVD. HDTV can control resolution efficiently.

Malay
Malay is a group of humans that usually live in Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei Darussalam. Countries that Malay language is used widely include Brunei, Malaysia, Indonesia, The Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Australia, China and Saudi Arabia.

Legion_of_Net._Heroes
The Legion of Net. Heroes also called LNH is a "shared universe" setting in which many writers use the same characters, ideas, and places in their stories, often working together. It is also the name of the most important group in the setting.
Beginning.
On April 27, 1992, a member of the USENET newsgroup rec.arts.comics said that his name was Spelling Boy. Two days later, another member, named Dan'l Danehy-Oakes, took the name California Kid and said he was a member of the "Legion of Net.Heroes". Soon others were choosing colourful names for themselves, such as Cheesecake-Eater Lad and CAPTAIN CAPITALIZE.
On May 5, Steven Librande got fed up with the silly "net.hero" names and chose the name Doctor Killfile a "net.villain".
Benjamin Pierce or Marvel_Zombie Lad sent out a call for all net.heroes to fight back. Forty-four different writers worked together on the first LNH story, later called "The Cosmic Plot Device Caper". The story was never finished, and that summer most people forgot about the LNH.
In the fall, Todd "Scavenger" Kogutt brought the LNH back. Many new writers and stories appeared. Some writers published their stories in multiple parts or "serials" much like American comic books.
Finding a home.
The LNH moved to its own newsgroup, alt.comics.lnh, before finding their permanent home on rec.arts.comics.creative, or RACC. RACC is home to other shared universes, like ASH, OMEGA and 8FOLD. Russ "Eagle" Allbery is RACC's moderator-- a person who makes sure ads and pornography do not appear on the group-- and archivist-- which means he keeps copies of all stories.
The Looniverse.
The world of the LNH is called the Looniverse. In many ways it is like our own universe and Earth. But there are some differences. For example, net.heroes, net.villains, and super-powers exist.
Many of the cities in the Looniverse have silly names. The real city of Chicago is called "Sig.ago" in the Looniverse. The LNH itself is based in "Net.ropolis", and many stories take place there.
Many people in the Looniverse know that they are fictional characters-- something which is called "breaking the fourth wall". For example, in one story, "The Case of the Clueless Mystery" by Gary St. Lawrence, the heroes read the script for the story they are in to find out how to beat the villain.
The Looniverse contains many "mutually-exclusive ideas"-- things that can't exist at the same time. Sometimes, characters falling off a cliff are in real danger. Other times, they pop back into shape like cartoon characters. Some characters age in real time. Other characters never seem to age at all. Yet all these characters exist side-by-side.
Many of the cities in the Looniverse have net-based names: Net.ropolis and Sig.ago, for example.
The Legion.
The headquarters of the LNH (called LNHHQ or LNHQ) is based in Net.ropolis. The team has hundreds of members. Some of them form "sub-groups". For example, one sub-group, the "TSK Force", deals with small things like bad manners.
Legionnaires (also known as LNHers or LNH'rs) can stay at LNHQ for free. The building is very strange. The size of a room changes to fit the number of people in the room.
It has been hinted in some stories that LNHQ is alive.
The Cast.
Because the LNH is so large, we can't list all its members in this article. Here are a few.
Fictional History.
The LNH began in 1992 in our world. However, in the Looniverse, the LNH has been around a lot longer than that.
Back story.
In the 19th Century, Net.ropolis was called Babbagetown. After the name of the city changed, there was a building called the Net.ropolis Hotel Grand. It later became the Legion of Net.Heroes Headquarters, or LNHHQ.
The first LNH was formed in the 1920s by Boy Lad. He was the only member. His sidekick, Boy Lad Jr., was not allowed to join. Boy Lad disappeared.
Some members of the Classic Squad later became members of the LNH: Old Comics Man, Golden Man, and Kid Yesterdaze.
Sig.Lad, a member of the Net.astic Nine, later joined the LNH. Some members of the Legion of Net.Hippies also joined the Legion of Net.Heroes-- Nudist Man, Super Apathy Lad, and Procrastination Boy.
Some stories say that today's LNH started in April of 1992, others say it started in the 1980s.
1992-2006.
After the "Cosmic Plot Device Caper", Rebel Yell became leader of the LNH. The entire LNH disappeared. In "501 Blues: The Long Road to Nowhere", Rebel Yell tried to find them all.
The "Cry.sig on Infinite Net.Earths" was a parody of the DC Comics story Crisis on Infinite Earths. Like that story, it allowed LNH writers to change things about their characters. For example, before "Cry.sig", Cheesecake-Eater Lad was married and farted a lot. After "Cry.sig", he was single and made cheesecakes. It was like the earlier Cheesecake-Eater Lad never existed. In American comic books, this is called a retcon'".
After "Cry.sig", the Ultimate Ninja joined the LNH. Rebel Yell shared the leadership with Ultimate Ninja and Continuity Champ. Later, Rebel Yell left the LNH. Ultimate Ninja became leader of the LNH.
The Ultimate Ninja thought an LNH member named Myk-El was a traitor and killed him. In the story "Retcon Hour", Myk-El came back to life and it was proved that he was not a traitor. "Retcon Hour" was one of the biggest LNH stories, and was written by fourteen people.
In "Looniverse Adrift", the first net.villain, Dr. Killfile, was destroyed. Another villain, Tsar Chasm (a pun on sarcasm), also died. Both later returned from the dead...
Pocket Man married Organic Lass in the first LNH wedding.
In 1999, one of the most popular characters, Panta, was retconned out of existence.
In 2000, Hexadecimal Luthor-- a parody of Superman villain Lex Luthor-- became President of the United States. He won a second term in 2004.
In March of 2001, the city of Sig.ago was destroyed. It was later rebuilt.
Stories.
Here are some of the best-liked LNH stories. As you can see, not all the stories are silly. There are many different types of stories and characters.
Spin-Off Imprints.
Other groups took ideas from the LNH and made their own groups, or "imprints".
Importance.
There have been thousands of LNH stories by many writers. Writers work together on stories from all over the world: the LNH has writers from the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, the Philippines, Brazil, Australia, and New Zealand. It is an "open universe", which means that anyone can join. This is probably why it is still active.

John_Wesley
John Wesley (1703, Epworth, England-1791) was one of the founders of the Methodist church. Anglikanish minister and christian theologian who was an early leader in the Methodist movement. Methodism had three rises: the first at Oxford University with the founding of the "Holy Club" the second while Wesley was priest in Savannah, Georgia; and the third in London after Wesley's return to England.Throughout his life, Wesley remained within the Church of England, and insisted that his movement was well within yet bounds of the Anglican Church.
Early life.
John Wesley was born in Epworth, England 23 miles (37km) north west of Lincoln., the son of Samuel Wesley, a graduate of Oxford, and minister of the Church of England. At the age of five, John was rescued from the burning rectory. This escape made deep impression on his mind, and he regarded himself as proventially set apart, as a "brand plucked from burning". In 1869 Samuel married Susanna Annesley. Both Samuel and Susanna had been raised in Disseling.
In 1696 Samuel Welsey was appointed rector of Epworth, where John, the fifteenth child, was born. The Wesley children's early education was given by their parents in the Epworth rector. Each child including the girls, was taught to read as they can could walk, and talk. John was admitted to Charterhouse school, London, when he lived the stations methodical and (for a while) religious life in which he had been trained at here. During his early youth, John Wesley had an a deep religious experience. His biographer, Tyerman, says that he went to charterhouse a saint, but he became negelient of religious duties and left a sinner.
Oxford and Georgia.
In june 1720, Weskley entered Christ church, Oxford, with an annual allowance of 40 pound as charterhouse scholar. His health was poor and it hard to keep out of debt.A scheme of study which he drew up for 1721 with a time-table for each day of the week is still to be seen in his earlist diary. This first diary thus from April 15. 1725, to february 12, 1727. A Friend describes Wesley at this god humor. He was reading of William Law's Christian Perfektion and Serious call gave him, he said, I note sublience view of the law God: and he resoled to keep it, inwardly and outwardly, as sacre´dly as possible.
Personality and activities.
Wesley travelled constantly, generally on horseback, examined and comissioned preachers, administeriet aid charities, prescriped for the sick, helped to pioneer the use of electric shock for the treatment off ilness.
Beginning of Revival.
His Aldergate Street London 1n 1738, in which he heard a reading of luther's preface to Epistle to the Romans, and penned the new famous lines"I felt my heart strangely warmed", revolutionuzed the character and method of his ministry

Amyotrophic_lateral_sclerosis
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, sometimes called Lou Gehrig’s disease or motor neurone disease) is a chronic, progressive, almost always fatal neurological disease. ALS is marked by slow but steady death of the nerve cells in the central nervous system that control voluntary muscle movement. That is, people with ALS can no longer move, but their heart still beats. The disorder causes muscle weakness and muscle shrinking (atrophy) throughout the body. In ALS, both the upper motor neurons and the lower motor neurons die, making them stop sending messages to the muscles. Unable to function, the muscles gradually weaken and waste away (atrophy). Eventually, the ability of the brain to start and control voluntary movement is lost. However, even patients in later stages of the disease may still have the same intelligence, memory, and personality they had before it started.
Symptoms.
ALS does not show many symptoms, making it very hard to diagnose. It usually affects people ages 40-60. The earliest symptoms may include twitching, cramping, or stiffness of muscles; muscle weakness affecting an arm or a leg; slurred and strange-sounding nasal speech; or having a difficult time chewing or swallowing. These general symptoms then develop into clear weakness or atrophy that may cause a physician to believe that a person has ALS.
The parts of the body affected by early symptoms of ALS depend on which muscles in the body are affected first. About 75% of people have limb onset ALS. In some of these cases, symptoms first affect one of the legs, and patients have awkwardness when walking or running or they notice that they are tripping or stumbling more often. Other limb onset patients first see the effects of the disease on a hand or arm as they have a difficult time with simple tasks requiring hand dexterity, or ability to move small things, such as buttoning a shirt, writing, or turning a key in a lock.
About 25% of cases are bulbar onset ALS. These patients first have difficulty speaking clearly. Speech becomes hard to understand and slurred. Speaking through the nose and softer talking are often the first symptoms. Difficulty swallowing, and loss of tongue movement follow. Eventually total loss of speech and ability to keep the airway clear when swallowing are experienced.
Treatment.
No cure has been found for ALS. However, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the first drug treatment for the disease: Riluzole (Rilutek). Riluzole is believed to make damage smaller to motor neurons by decreasing the release of glutamate, a substance that is found in most ALS patients. Clinical trials with ALS patients showed that riluzole gives a better chance of survival by several months, mainly in those with a hard time swallowing. The drug also allows more time before a patient needs breathing help. Riluzole does not heal the damage already done to motor neurons, and patients taking the drug must be watched for liver damage and other side-effects. However, this first ALS therapy offers hope that the assault of ALS may one day be slowed by new medications or combinations of drugs.
Other treatments for ALS are designed to make symptoms less painful and improve the quality of life for patients. This care is best given by teams of health care professionals such as physicians; pharmacists; physical, occupational, and speech therapists; nutritionists; social workers; and home care and hospice nurses. Working with patients and people who take care of the patient, these teams can make a personalized plan of medical and physical therapy and give special equipment that can be used to keep patients as mobile and comfortable as possible.
at the nhs it can be treated

They_Might_Be_Giants
They Might Be Giants are an alternative rock band that live in Brooklyn, New York. The two original band members, John Flansburgh and John Linnell, officially formed the band in 1982.

Graphite
Graphite, like diamond, is an allotrope of carbon. They are very similar to each other but the structure of the atom affects the chemical and physical properties. Graphite is made of layers of carbon atoms. These layers can slide over each other very easily. This means that it is very soft. It is a dull gray in appearance. Due to the delocalized electrons between the layers, it can conduct electricity very well.
Graphite can be formed from coal put under high heat and pressure. Also, graphite can be turned into diamond with enough heat and pressure. This is how synthetic (man-made) diamonds are made.
Graphite is naturally found in Sri Lanka,Canada and the United States. It is also called Lead Black. It was named by Abraham Gottlob Werner in 1789 originating from the Greek language.
It can be used as a lubricant to make mechanical devices run smoother. The most common use of graphite is the "lead" in a pencil, which also has clay.

Go_Fish
Go Fish is a game with playing cards. 2-10 people can play.
Every player gets five cards. The rest of the cards (the deck) are put face down where all the players can get them. Cards that are the same color and the same number are called pairs. If a player has a pair, they put it face up in front of them so everybody can see it. The player to the left of the player who gave everybody their cards goes first. When it is a player's turn, they ask another player for a card that is the same color and number as one they already have. They can ask any player. If the other player has the card, they give it to the one that asked, and the one that asked puts the pair in front of them and gets to go again. If the other player does not have the card, then they say, "Go Fish," and the player that asked takes a card from the deck and the next player goes. If a player has no cards when it is time for him to go, then he just takes a card from the deck and the next player goes. If there are no cards in the deck and the player has no cards, then that player doesn't get to go. The game ends when all the cards are face up in pairs. The winner is the player with the most pairs.

Stanley_Bruce
Stanley Melbourne Bruce (15 April 1883 – 25 August 1967) was the eighth Prime Minister of Australia from February 1923 until October 1929. He became Prime Minister when the Country Party asked Billy Hughes to resign. His government won elections in 1925 and 1928 but lost the 1929 election and Bruce became the first sitting Prime Minister to lose his seat. He was made a Viscount after he left politics.

Hong_Kong_Stock_Exchange
Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Traditional Chinese: 香港交易所, also 港交所; sometimes shortened to HKEX; SEHK:) is a stock exchange in Hong Kong.
It is mostly owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing, which also controls Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited (HKFE) and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited.

Corner_kick
A corner kick is a kick awarded to the a team for their opportunity to shoot at goal in soccer.It happens when the ball has come off a player at his or her own goal. There are two corner posts at each end of the ground, so two for each team depending where the ball is kicked out.

Secondary_school
Secondary school is the next step up from primary school. Secondary school are also commonly known as high school.
In Australia a person will generally start secondary school when they are at the age of twelve and finish when they are either sixteen or eighteen, depending on whether they finish with years 11 and 12. In secondary school a person will advance through the year levels (or grades) each year.
Generally there are five to six years of high school. The first year of high school is normally either grade 7 or 8, and then proceeds on to year 10 or 12.
In some schools in Australia years 11 and 12 are just a normal part of high school. Though some other schools may only progress through to year 10, in this case students will then go to college (years 11 and 12).
At the end of secondary school, students will usually sit a unified examination, for example GCSE (in the UK).

Madeline
"Madeline" is a popular children’s book series. It was written by American author Ludwig Bemelmans. The first book in the series, "Madeline", was published in 1939. The book was very successful. In the 1940s and 1950s, Bemelmans wrote many more sequels to the original. Bemelman’s grandson, John Bemelmans-Mariano, writes the series of books to this day. There are 16 Madeline books. The books were later made into a television series and a movie.
In Two Straight Lines....
The books and the television show describe the adventures of Madeline's life in the late 1940's in France. Madeline is the smallest and youngest girl at her school. She is also the liveliest and the most popular. Madeline is not afraid of anything. She laughs at tigers in the zoo and taunts bullies. She even runs away to join a circus. She is also a very kind friend to the rest of the children at her school, and never loses her smile. Madeline attends a convent school in the heart of France with eleven other students. They leave the house at half past nine every morning in rain or shine. Miss Clavel is their teacher and a nun. The girls of her school mean more to her than anything. Miss Clavel is worried about Madeline because she is an orphan and has no family.
Although Madeline is set in France, with French accents, it is very popular all over the world, especially in the United States and in the Philippines, where a Filipino version was aired in the TV station ABS-CBN. Madeline has many Internet pages including an official website and fan club.

Juice
Juice is a liquid that comes from plants, animals or fruit. The juice from fruit is often made into a drink. Some juices that are often made into drinks are apple, orange, tomato, pineapple, grapefruit, guava, mango, passionfruit, tropical, carrot, watermelon, cranberry, grape, lemon and lime, but there are many others. Lots of people drink fruit juices because fruit juice is very healthy. Some drink companies make fruit juice, and the juice that they make usually has a lot of sugar added, but most fruit juice is really good for people.
Juice can be bought from a store, already in bottles. Companies sell fruit juice just like any other drink. Juices are made by squeezing the juice out of the fruit.
If something has a lot of juice in it, it is said to be juicy. Juice does not have to be a drink. It can just be a liquid contained in something.

Subtropical_Storm_Nicole_(2004)
Subtropical Storm Nicole was the 15th tropical or subtropical cyclone, 14th named storm, and 1st subtropical storm of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. It was the first subtropical storm to be given a name from the standard hurricane name list and be considered a subtropical cyclone in real-time. The storm never made landfall as a subtropical cyclone, though its remnants affected Anticosti Island, just off of the provinces of Prince Edward Island and Quebec.
Storm history.
Nicole’s genesis appears to be associated with an upper-tropospheric trough and a decaying frontal system that were over the southwestern North Atlantic during the first week of October. By October 8, a broad area of surface low pressure became evident about 400 miles (640 km) southeast of Bermuda, and began to produce gale force winds, which affected Bermuda on October 9. Early on October 10, the National Hurricane Center determined that a low-pressure system to the west of Bermuda had acquired sufficient tropical characteristics to be named Subtropical Storm Nicole.
Nicole moved generally northeast over cooler waters and was declared fully extratropical on October 11 while 345 miles (555 km) south-southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The Canadian Hurricane Centre continued to issue advisories on, as they called it, post-tropical Storm Nicole, which had merged with a stronger cyclone as the combined system dropped heavy rainfall on the Maritimes in the vicinity of Anticosti Island on October 14.
Impact.
No damage or fatalities were reported, for that Nicole never made landfall or directly affected any land areas. It brought light rain to Bermuda and briefly threatened it before heading northeast. Its remnants combined with a stronger cyclone affected Anticosti Island in Canada.
Naming and Lack of retirement.
Since Nicole never made landfall, the name Nicole was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization in spring of 2005. This is the second time a storm was named Nicole. The only other storm named Nicole was in the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season.
Records.
Since 2002, subtropical storms have been assigned names from the same naming sequence as tropical storms. Nicole was the first named subtropical storm under this rule which never achieved full tropical cyclone status. Many subtropical cyclones between 1975 and 2001 with sufficient tropical character were considered tropical storms in real-time while several were numbered. From 1972 through 1974, the phoenic alphabet was used to name subtropical cyclones.
Other websites.
For official forecasts, see the NHC's.

Earle_Page
Sir Earle Christmas Grafton Page (8 August 1880 - 20 December 1961) was the eleventh Prime Minister of Australia. He became Prime Minister when Joseph Lyons died in office. He remained until a new leader, Robert Menzies, was elected by the United Australia Party.

Fat-tailed_Gerbil
The Fat-tailed Gerbil is a species of gerbil. Its tail becomes fatter when it eats something. Then it uses it when food becomes scarce. They can live 5 to 7 years in captivity. It is from Africa.
They can survive a long time without drinking.
They bury themselves under the sand until night so that there are not as many predators that will attack them.

Vanilla
Vanilla is a flavoring. The plant it grows on is a vine. It grows by climbing other plants, like trees. It is derived from orchids in the genus Vanilla. The pure (man-made) form of the flavoring is known as vanillin. The main species harvested for vanilla is called "Vanilla planifolia".
The plant was brought back to Europe by the Spanish. In Mesoamerica it was a well-regarded spice.
Today, most of the flavoring is done in chemical laboratories.

Composition_(music)
In music the word composition can be used in two ways.
A composition is a piece of music (the word "composition" means "putting together", so a composition is something where music notes have been put together). When a composer writes a piece of music he or she is composing a musical composition.
The word "composition" can also mean: learning the skill of how to compose. Music students may go to music college to study composition. They will do this by looking at famous pieces of music to see how the composers of the past wrote music. They will study musical form, harmony, orchestration, counterpoint and learn about all the instruments and how to write well for them so that it sounds nice.

Concentration
In chemistry, concentration is how much of a substance is mixed with another substance.
To concentrate a solution, one must add more solute, or reduce the amount of solvent. To dilute a solution, one must add more solvent, or reduce the amount of solute.

Arthur_Fadden
Sir Arthur William Fadden (13 April 1895 - 21 April 1973) was the 13th Prime Minister of Australia. He was leader of the Country Party when Robert Menzies resigned in 1941. He became Prime Minister but lost to John Curtin in an election held only one month after he became Prime Minister. When Menzies became Prime Minister again in 1949, Fadden was the Treasurer for eight years.

Archie_Macpherson
Archibald 'Archie' Macpherson (born 1937) is a famous Scottish football commentator.

Anno_Domini
"Anno Domini" (Latin: "In the year of (our) Lord"), shortened as AD or A.D., is used to refer to the years after the birth of Jesus. AD is also a shortening for Christian Era. Similarly, Before Christ, shortened as BC or B.C., is used in the English language to refer to all years before the start of the time period "Anno Domini".

Motorola
Motorola is a company that makes cell phones. The company is based in a small town in Illinois, Chicago.They are listed in the New York Stock Exchange as.
The company began with the name Galvin Manufacturing Corporation in 1928, and fully adopted the 'Motorola' name in 1947.

United_States_Air_Force
The United States Air Force (USAF) is the aerospace branch of the United States armed forces and one of the seven uniformed services. Formerly part of the United States Army, the USAF was formed as a separate branch of the military on September 18, 1947 The USAF is the largest and most technologically advanced modern air force in the world, with over 9,000 aircraft in service and about 352,000 men and women on active duty. Now, their most common fighters are the F-15 Eagle and the F-16 Fighting Falcon, but they are being replaced by the F-22 Raptor.
The USAF is also in charge of watching the Internet for bad guys and helping astronauts get ready to go up into space.
The USAF has a special college known as the Air Force Academy that helps train leaders for the Air Force.

1964_Summer_Olympics
The 1964 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XVIII Olympiad, were celebrated in Tokyo, Japan from October 10, 1964, through October 24, 1964.

1070s
Centuries: 10th century - 11th century - 12th century
Decades: 1020s 1030s 1040s 1050s 1060s - 1070s - 1080s 1090s 1100s 1110s 1120s
Years: 1070 1071 1072 1073 1074 1075 1076 1077 1078 1079

Toontown_Online
"Toontown Online" (also known as Toontown) is a online video game created by The Walt Disney Company. The game is an MMORPG, where a lot of people play at one time.
Players live life as a toon in Toontown. Players can make a duck, bear, rabbit, dog, cat, horse, pig, or monkey.
What the game's purpose is (object).
Players try to live life as a toon, playing games and making new friends. But it's not all paradise. Evil robots called COGS have taken over, and "gags" (cartoon fun) are used to defeat them. There isn't a purpose that players have to go by. A player can choose to be the top racer or to have the most "laffpoints". Many people like it because of this.

Cúcuta
Cúcuta (pron. IPA koo`koo-tä), or San Jose de Cúcuta, is the capital of the Norte de Santander Department, in Colombia. Cúcuta is an important city in northeastern Colombia because of where it is; on the border with Venezuela. People from Cúcuta are called "cucuteños".
The area has grown fast since the 1960s, especially the suburbs of Villa del Rosario and Los Patios.
Adding also to the city's progress and development that had not been seen in 20 years with the building of six overpasses, a convention center, a new bus terminal, a new Integrated Massive Transportation System called Metrobus, the modernization of state owned schools, the recovery of Cucuta's downtown, and the duplication of the capacity for the General Santander Stadium. And the expectation over new industries that will come from Venezuela and will place their factories in Cucuta aimming at exporting through the Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement between Colombia and the United States..
History.
Simón Bolívar captured Cúcuta in 1813 and set out from there on his march to Caracas. At Cúcuta the constituent congress of 1821 met to draft the constitution of Greater Colombia (present day Venezuela, Ecuador and Colombia).
The city was largely destroyed by an earthquake on 18 May, 1875, but was soon rebuilt.
In 1939 Cúcuta had a population of 59,323 people; in 1990 it had 532,564, and in 2005 the metropolitan area had a population of 950,000.
Battle of Cúcuta.
The battle of Cúcuta was not important as military day, but by the moral importance that took Bolivar advantage to release to Venezuela.
Batalla began at 9:00 AM of the 28 of February of 1813 and finished noon. The combatants: 400 men to the control of Simón Bolivar and 800 to orders of Spanish General Ramon Correa.
Two dead and 14 hurt of liberating troops and 20 dead and 40 hurts of the Spanish troops.
Earthquake of Cúcuta.
Also known as the Earthquake of the Andes. It happened the May 18 of 1875 at 11:15 AM. It completely destroyed Cúcuta, Villa del Rosario, San Antonio del Tachira and Capacho also causing serious damages in the Venezuelan populations of San Cristóbal, La Mulata, Rubio, Michelena, La Grita, Colón, among others and was felt in Bogota and Caracas.
Geography.
Cúcuta is located on a plateau in the Cordillera Oriental of the Colombian Andes. The official metropolitan area includes the municipalities of: Villa del Rosario, Los Patios, El Zulia, and Puerto Santander. All four neighboring municipalities contain extensive rural areas despite recent urbanization.[citation]
Orography.
The city of Cúcuta is plain toward the north and mountainous in its edges and in its central part, especially toward the south, where presents for the east the following mountains, removed of the eastern mountain range of the Colombian Andes.
Hydrography.
Cúcuta and Norte de Santander have many rivers, none of them with pollution problems, being the Pamplonita River, the Guaramito River, the San Miguel River and the Zulia River de most important.
Demography.
Cúcuta is a city with a big demographic growth, because it had 387.481 inhabitants at 1951 and now has a population of 1.196.775.
Economy.
Cúcuta has an agroindustry that mainly produces milk products and liquors, construction has boomed in recent years, but it's a net commercial city due to its condition of border city with Venezuela. Thanks to it the major Colombian commercial centers, banks, and warehouses have offices in the city.
US - Colombia Free Trade Agreement implications for Cúcuta
Colombia signed a Free Trade Agreement with the United States to the opposition of Venezuela. Despite its opposition, industries from that country are constructing their infrastructure in Cúcuta to export their products to the United States, registering their products as if they were Colombian, an strategy that would allow them to export without paying certain tariffs. For that reason, Cúcuta is thought to become an industrial city.
This process in individual, appears by the legal norm of Colombia that allows exemptions in taxes to make but competitive to the region (throught the "Zona Franca"), in addition that the own geographic characteristics of the area at issue you appear greater possibilities of exporting products through position of Maracaibo (Venezuela).
Climatology and Surface.
Cúcuta has a municipal area of 1176 km² and is located at 302 above sea level. The average temperature of 28°C (82.4ºF) with an average humidity of 65%. Its medium annual precipitation is of 1,041mm. There are two rain seasons, between March-May and September-November. The dry months of the year are December and January with a medium precipitation of 58mm.
The City.
Cúcuta is also known as the "Ciudad sin fronteras" (City without borders), "La ciudad de los arboles" (THe city of the threes), "La hermosa villa" (The beautiful ville), y "Ciudad verde" (Green city)
The city is served by one transportation terminal and the Camilo Daza Airport, which is located north of the city]. In general, the more prosperous areas are along and above west (Caobos, La Riviera and some places of the center) and to the east.
The state owned university, the Francisco de Paula Santander University (UFPS), is in the northeastern part of the city; there are several private universities of varying quality.
People.
Many important personalities from Colombia are from Cúcuta such as the first President of Colombia, Francisco de Paula Santander, known as "the man of the laws" and Fabiola Zuluaga, the best Colombian tennis player, Virgilio Barco, a former president of Colombia, some actors like Lincoln Palomeque, Endry Carreño, Manolo Suñiga, and the musician Elias M. Soto.
Green City.
The generation of cucuteños (people from Cúcuta) and the legion of foreigners who reconstructed the city after the 1875 earthquake planted trees which grew fruits called clemones that had acid and bitter fruits with which the boys played.
Soon they were replaced by acacias, peracos and almonds tree. In the historical course of the arborization of the city, different stages as far as the spices have been marked that have been used in the ornamentación.
In Cúcuta the love for the trees is preached and applied, and cucuteño (people from Cúcuta) respect someone who has planted one in front of his house. For this reason Cúcuta is well-known like the city forest of Colombia.
Education.
The basic education and the high school education are in Colombian "Calendary A" for schools (from February to November).

Jew
In general, a Jew is someone who belongs to the religion called Judaism. Some people who come from a Jewish family or a part-Jewish family think of themselves as Jewish even when they do not practice Judaism. According to the Jewish Halakha, someone is Jewish if their mother was Jewish.
The word Jew originally meant people from the ancient Kingdom of Judea (where Israel is today). After most Judeans were forced out by the Romans, the word started to mean people of the Jewish religion, and not just those from Judea.
Israel is the only Jewish country, but there are Jewish minorities in many large cities in the U.S., Europe and Australia.
Jews were often in charge of handling money. They were victims of various persecutions; the one that happened during the Second World War is known as The Holocaust
Jewish Ethnic Groups.
There are different Jewish ethnic groups. The two biggest are called Ashkenazi (European Jews) and Sephardic (Jews from the lands around the Mediterranean Sea). There are also African Jews (Beta Israel), Indian Jews (Bene Israel) and even some Chinese Jews (Kai-feng Jews).

Shinzo_Abe
Shinzo Abe was the Prime Minister of Japan. He was born on September 21, 1954 in Japan. He was preceded by Junichiro Koizumi. He was the 90th Prime Minister of Japan, and stepped down September 12, 2007. The official reason to end his term was missing support for Japan's mission in Iraq, however, he had been involved in a number of crises for the last couple of months.

Sodium_hydroxide
Sodium hydroxide is also known as caustic soda. Caustic means "burning" and caustic soda takes its name from the way it can burn the skin. It has the chemical formula of NaOH.
It is a base, meaning it has a very high pH. It is the most common thing used to raise the pH of things; for example, to neutralize an acid.
It dissolves easily in water, and makes the water warm when this happens.
Sodium hydroxide is used as a solution named Lye to make soap. Lye is also used to unclog drains. It works in two ways. First, it combines with grease to make soap. Second, it dissolves hair (which is soluble in any basic solution).

Hof
Hof is a German city in the north of Franconia. The next bigger cities are Coburg, Bayreuth and Chemnitz. The population of Hof is 50,000.
It is surrounded by, but not part of, the district of Hof, so it has its own local council.

Cosplay
is a short way of saying of "Costume Play". It is an act of dressing up to be look like an anime, manga, video game, Japanese rock, or Jpop character. A person who does this is called a Cosplayer.
Cosplay can be divided into two parts, basic cosplay and masquerade cosplay. Both types of cosplay involve trying to physically look like the character, including speaking like the character, memorizing quotes and so on. Masquerading or "
The Masquerade" usually refers to a cosplay competition where cosplayers demonstrate their skills in creating costumes, putting on skits, and in technical matters.
Even though cosplaying is originally from Japan, there are a number of cosplay communities in Malaysia, China, the United States, Indonesia, and the Phillipines, because of the popularity of Japanese animation, movies, and popular culture in those countries.
Cosplay communities often hold events such as parties and conventions. They can be found online in general cosplay forums such as and For the actual building of the costumes, sites such as provide techniques. Some of the best cosplayers can be famous amonst otaku.

Motorway
A motorway is a word used in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, some other Commonwealth nations, and Ireland for a fast road, with four lanes or more. It is used to carry many cars. A Motorway has no traffic-lights or ground level intersections. All roads crossing the motorway go over a bridge or a tunnel. Places where cars can leave or enter the motorway are called exits.

Eisfeld
Eisfeld is a German city in the south of Thuringia. The next bigger cities are Hildburghausen and Coburg. Its population is ca 6,000. The current mayor is Kerstin Heintz.
Traffic.
The next important airports and train stations are in Coburg

Steinach
Steinach is a German ski city in the south of Thuringia. Larger cities nearby are Coburg and Sonneberg. The population of Steinach is about 4,500 people. The mayor of the city is Ulrich Kurtz.

Kalki
Kalki is the final avatar or incarnation of the Hindu god Vishnu. Hindus believe that there are four stages of time. The stage of time we are in is called the Kali Yurga. In this stage of time, people become bad. To make the world good, Kalki will come to Earth, and will destroy the bad things and stop the bad people. People will change then, and become good people. A new stage of time will begin, called the Satya Yurga or the first stage of life.

Kristallnacht
The Kristallnacht (also called Reichskristallnacht, Reichspogromnacht) was a two day pogrom that happened against Jews in Nazi Germany and parts of Austria. It was between November 9 and November 10, 1938. About 30,000 Jews were moved to concentration camps, and over 1,500 synagogues were pillaged and partly destroyed. Also, almost all Jewish cemeteries in Germany and Austria were destroyed. This marked the change from discriminating against Jews to actively persecuting and deporting them.
Herschel Grynszpan (sometimes also spelled "Grünspan"), a 17 year old Jew living in Paris learned that his whole family had been chased away to Zsbaszyn. He obtained a gun. With this he fired shots at a sectretary of the German embassy in Paris. This was on November 7. The secretary he fired at was called Ernst Eduard vom Rath. The secretary died of his wounds on November 9.
The motive of Grynszpan is unclear. In a judicial hearing in 1942, he said it was revenge. He meant to shoot the ambassador, but hit the secretary instead.
In 1938, the basis of the NSDAP used this event as an excuse to seize Jewish property. A similar event in February 1936 occured and followed up with almost no consequences. Then, the Jewish student David Frankfurter had fired shots at the NSDAP secretary Wilhelm Gustloff. At that time, the NSDAP could not act because of the Summer Olympics of 1936 in Berlin.

Vuelta_Ciclista_a_España
The Vuelta Ciclista a España (also Vuelta a España, or simply Vuelta) is a long-distance bicycle race. The first race was in 1935. The Tour de France and Giro d'Italia were both very successful, and both run by newspaper companies. A newspaper called "Informaciones" in Spain decided to start a similar race in Spain. It is now one of the three "Grand Tours" of Europe and, after the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia, is the third most important road cycling stage race in the world.
The leader of the race wears the "Jersey de Oro", the golden jersey. This is the same as the yellow jersey in the Tour de France. The leader of the mountain climbers' competition wears a green jersey. The leader of the sprinters' competition wears a blue jersey with gold fish (this is because the Spanish fishing industry pays for the jersey.
The race was run in the Spring until 1995. Since 1995 it has been run in September.

Quarry
A Quarry is a type of open pit mine that is used to get rocks and minerals from the ground. Quarries are often used to cut stone from the ground in large pieces or blocks. These are called dimension stones. They are used for building things. Some quarries fill with water to make small lakes when they are no longer being used for mining.

Fermion
A fermion is one of the things that everything is made of. Fermions are really small and don't weigh much. Fermions can be thought of as particles of matter because atoms are made up of fermions.
An electron (a particle of electricity) is a fermion, but a photon (a particle of light) is not. Fermions are particles with spin numbers that are 1/2, 3/2, 5/2, etc. They are named after a man called Enrico Fermi, who was a famous physicist
Fermions are special because you cannot put two of them in the same place at the same time. This is because the Pauli exclusion principle says that no two fermions can have the same quantum numbers, such as spin numbers, at the same time. Fermions obey Fermi-Dirac statistics.
This is different to photons, where you can have many in the same place at the same time.
Most well known fermions have spin of 1/2. Fermions with spin 1/2 are called Leptons. The electron is the best known lepton.

Channel_4
Channel 4 is a television channel which broadcasts to the United Kingdom. It started on November 2, 1982.

Delaware_River
The Delaware River is a large river estuary in the Northeast United States. It is about 280 miles (450 km) long. It begins in the Catskill Mountains in southeast New York State and ends at the Atlantic Ocean at Delaware Bay. It forms the border or part of the border between the states of Pennsylvania and New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey and also between Delaware and New Jersey. The cities of Trenton, New Jersey, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania are on the Delaware River.
Another name for this river is the South River. It is named for Thomas West, 3rd Lord De La Warr, a colonial Governor of Virginia.

Gustav_Mahler
Gustav Mahler (born Kalischt (now Kalište), Bohemia, July 7 1860; died Vienna, May 18 1911) was a Czech-Austrian composer and conductor. He was one of the last great composers of the Romantic period. He wrote nine symphonies (he left a tenth symphony unfinished) and several collections of songs with orchestral accompaniment. He was very interested in German folk song and he found new ways to use folk song in large orchestral symphonies. His work "Das Lied von der Erde" ("The Song of the Earth") is one his greatest works, combining song with the form of a symphony. He was also a great conductor and helped to make the Vienna Opera world famous.

Johann_Strauss_II
Johann Strauss II (born Vienna, October 25 1825; died Vienna June 3 1899) was an Austrian composer, conductor and violinist. His father, also called Johann, was also a very famous composer, and is now known as Johann Strauss I (or Johann Strauss Snr) while his eldest son is called Johann Strauss II (or Johann Strauss Jnr). Strauss became very famous for his waltzes. He was known as the “King of the Waltz”. His most famous one was called "An der schönen, blauen Donau" (known in English as "The Blue Danube").
His father wanted him to go in for banking, but the young Johann took violin lessons in secret from a man called Franz Amon who was the leader of his father’s orchestra. He continued his violin studies with Anton Kohlmann, a violinist who helped ballet dancers to learn the music they had to dance to. He was still only 18 when he got his own orchestra together and gave his own concert which included six of his own waltzes and some of his father’s. He was soon becoming more famous than his father. After his father died in 1849 the two orchestras joined into one and the young Johann was their conductor. He was given the title “k.k.Hofballmusikdirektor” (meaning; Musical Director of the Court Ball). He was always especially busy during Carnival time when there were lots of balls in Vienna. He toured most of Europe with his orchestra, even going to Russia where he conducted some music by Tchaikovsky. Johann Strauss II was becoming the “king of the waltz”, the most famous musician in Austria.
Johann Strauss II wrote two operas: "Die Fledermaus" ("The Bat") and "Zigeunerbaron" ("Gypsy Baron"). They are full of fun: lively music and jokes which can sometimes be made different in each performance: the singers can put in their own jokes about modern times. Sometimes they are called operettas because they are so light-hearted. They are a mixture of Hungarian and Viennese atmosphere.
Together with his brothers Josef and Eduard, Johann had complete control of the balls and concerts in the houses of the rich people in Vienna. Wherever he went he was surrounded by lots of admirers. His waltzes are still as popular as ever, and millions of people in different countries hear them on television on New Year’s Day when they are played by the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra at their traditional New Year’s Day concert.

Norse_mythology
Norse or Scandinavian mythology is the belief and legends of the Scandinavian people. Norse mythology is a version of the older Germanic mythology and was later replaced by Christianity for the most part.
Norse mythology is a set of beliefs and stories shared by Northern Germanic tribes. It was not handed down from the gods to the mortal. It had no scripture. The mythology was passed on from one generation to the next in the form of poetry. It continued to be passed down this way through the time of the Vikings. The original beliefs were long lost. Our knowledge about it is mainly based on the Eddas and other medieval texts. These were written down during and after they turned to Christianity.
Cosmology.
In Norse mythology, the earth was thought to be a flat disc. This disk is in the branches of the world tree, or Yggdrasil. "Asgard" was located at the centre of the disc. Asgard is where the gods lived. Asgard could only be reached by walking across the rainbow (the Bifröst bridge). The Giants lived in an place called Jötunheimr. Jötunheimr means "giant realm".
A cold, dark place called Niflheim was ruled by Hel. She was the daughter of Loki. This was the eventual home of most of the dead. Located somewhere in the south was the fiery realm of Muspelheim, home of the fire giants.
In between Asgard and Niflheim was Midgard, the world of men.
Supernatural beings.
There are three "clans" of deities, the Æsir, the Vanir, and the Jötnar. After a long war, the Æsir and Vanir made peace and joined together. (referred to as "giants" in this article).
The Æsir and the Vanir are enemies with the Jötnar or "giants". The Æsir are descendants of Jötnar. Both Æsir and Vanir intermarry with them. There are two kinds of giant: frost-giants and fire-giants.
Sources.
Most of this mythology was passed down orally,(as poetry) and much of it has been lost. Some of it was recorded by Christian scholars. The main records come from the "Eddas" and the "Heimskringla" by Snorri Sturluson. He believed that pre-Christian deities were men and women rather than devils.
There are also several runestones and image stones that show scenes from Norse mythology, such as Thor's fishing trip and Odin being devoured by Fenrir.
Modern influences.
The Germanic gods have affected elements of every day western life in most countries that speak Germanic languages. An example is some of the names of the days of the week. The days were named after Roman gods in Latin (named after "Sun, Moon, Mars, Mercury, Jupiter, Venus, Saturn"). The names for Tuesday through Friday were replaced with Germanic versions of the Roman gods. In English, Saturn was not replaced. Saturday is named after the sabbath in German, and is called "washing day" in Scandinavia.
Modern popular culture.
J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings" was influenced by the myths of the Northern Europeans. As it became popular, parts of its fantasy world moved into how people see the fantasy genre. In almost any modern fantasy novel, you can find Norse creatures like elves, dwarves, and giants.

San_Francisco_Municipal_Railway
MUNI is the public transit agency that runs bus, cable car, trolley, and subway service in the city of San Francisco, California, USA. Its name is short for Municipal Railway. MUNI runs many different bus lines that go all through the city of San Francisco, three Cable Car lines that run through the Financial District and Chinatown (with service to Fisherman's Wharf) and the Market Street surface and subway trolley lines.

Armenians
The Armenians are a nation from the Caucasus. Their country is Armenia. The Armenian culture is very old. Armenia was the first country to be Christian, when the Armenian king Tiridates III changed his religion by St. Gregory the Illuminator. Because of this, many Armenians are Christians.
Background.
The Armenian language comes from Aryan. In the Assyrian period, the Armenian people of Nairi formed the kingdom of Ararat (well known in Assyrian as Urartu). One of the earliest record of Armenians is from a text which says "Armani", Արման (most common Armenian name Arman, the older variant of Armen, Արմեն) together with Ibla, as land conquered by Naram-Sin (2300 BC) identified with an Akkadian colony in the Diarbekr region. To this day the Assyrians speak about Armenians by saying "Armani". Another record is by Thutmose III of Egypt, says the people of "Ermenen" in 1446 BC, and says in their land "heaven rests upon its four pillars". (Thutmose was the first Pharoah to cross the Euphrates to reach the Armenian Highlands). To this day Kurds and Turks refer to Armenians by "Ermeni".
Historically, the name "Armenian" has come to internationally designate this group of people from the most common Armenian names: Arman, Արման (Armenians use Arman, the older variant of Armen, Արմեն), Armen, and Armin'e (female name). Armenians call themselves "Hay" (Հայ, pronounced "Hye"; plural: Հայեր, "Hayer"). The word has traditionally been linked to the name of the legendary founder of the Armenian nation, Haik, which is also a popular Armenian name.
Some scholars believe, for example, that the earliest mention of the Armenians is in the Akkadian inscriptions dating to the 28th-27th centuries BC, in which the Armenians are referred to as the sons of Haya, after the regional god of the Armenian Highlands.

Alexander_Borodin
Alexander Porfir'yevich Borodin (born St Petersburg November 12 1833; died St. Petersburg February 27 1887) was a Russian composer. Like many Russian composers of the 19th century he was an amateur musician. His main job was Professor of Chemistry at the University of St Petersburg. He had to compose in his spare time. He used to tell his friends: “Please do not say: ‘I hope you are well’, please say: ‘I hope you are ill’”. When he was ill he had more time to write music. Borodin’s most famous opera is called “Prince Igor”. He wrote many fine songs, chamber music and orchestral music including two symphonies. The Nocturne from his String quartet no 2 is especially well-known.

GameFAQs
GameFAQs is a website with help and information for video games. It was started in November 1995 by Jeff "CJayC" Veasey. It has an active message board community.

Pomerania
Pomerania ("Pommern" in German) is a region on the Baltic Sea. It is now part of two countries, Germany and Poland.
Prehistoric times, Germanic and Slavic tribes.
20,000 years ago the territory of present-day Pomerania was covered with ice, which did not start to recede until the late period of the Old Stone Age or Paleolithic some 10,000 years BC, when the Scandinavian glacier receded to the north. Various archaeological cultures developed in the Mesolithic, Neolithic, Bronze Age, and Iron Age.
Initially at least part of Pomerania was dominated by Baltic tribes. Since around 500BC and before 500 AD Pomerania was dominated by East Germanic tribes including several tribes of Goths, who according to archeological evidence and their own tradition have come from Scandinavia. Goths and Rugians are recorded by Roman historians in the areas of Pomerania in 98 AD. The Veneti, non-Germanic tribe, which later assimilated with Slavs, are recorded by Ptolemy and Pliny the Elder around Vistula in first century AD. By the 7th century Slavic tribes (Wends) such as the Pomeranians settled the area.
Pomerania as a part of Poland, Denmark and Germany; German settlement.
Pomerania was first conquered by the Polish duke Mieszko I in the second half of the 10th century. Pagan uprisings in 1005 and 1038 resulted in independancy for Western Pomerania and Pomerelia, respectively. Regained by Poland in 1116/1121, the Polish could not hold the Pomeranian duchy longer than 1135, whereas Pomerelia after the 1138 partition of Poland among the sons of Boleslaus Wrymouth became a part of the Polish seniorat (see) which was declared fief of the Holy Roman Empire in 1156.
The Western part, the Duchy of Pomerania, was declared part of the Holy Roman Empire (1181). After a brief period of Danish rule (1168/1186-1227), it remained part of Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation until 1806.
1000 years of history of the areas between Elbe, the Oder and Vistula

Paramount_Pictures
Paramount Pictures Corporation is an American motion picture production and distribution company. It is the oldest movie studio in the United States. It has been in existence for 94 years. Paramount is owned by media conglomerate Viacom. Paramount is one of the Big Ten movie studios
History.
Paramount Pictures Inc. can trace its beginnings to the creation in May, 1912 of the Famous Players Film Company. Organized in 1914 by a Utah theater owner, W. W. Hodkinson, Paramount Pictures was the first successful nation-wide distributor. Until this time, movies were sold on a state-wide or regional basis. This was inefficient and costly to producers.
In 1916, Adolph Zukor created a three-way merger of his Famous Players Film Company, Jesse L. Lasky's Lasky Feature Play Company, and Paramount. The new company was called Famous Players-Lasky and grew quickly. Lasky ran the production side. Hiram Abrams was in charge of distribution and Zukor handled the business side of the company.
In 1927, Famous Players-Lasky took on the name Paramount-Famous Lasky Corportation. Three years later, because of the importance of the Publix theater chain, it was later known as Paramount-Publix Corporation. The company went into bankruptcy in 1933. When the company emerged from bankruptcy, it was known as Paramount Pictures, Inc.
Paramount Pictures had been an early supporter of television. It created stations in 1939 in Los Angeles (later to become KTLA) and Chicago's WBKB.
From the 1980s to the present day.
Paramount's successful run of lightweight pictures in the 1980s and 1990s created hits like "Flashdance", the "Friday the 13th" series; "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Beverly Hills Cop" and the "Star Trek" features.
In 1993, entertainment conglomerate Viacom made a bought Paramount.
Paramount is the last major film studio located in Hollywood. Other studios such as Warner Brothers and Columbia moved to Burbank, California.
On December 11, 2005, Paramount said it had purchased DreamWorks SKG in a deal worth $1.6 billion. On February 1, 2006, the studio announced that the DreamWorks acquisition was completed.

Speech
Speech is when sounds (or gestures) are made in an attempt to communicate. The communication can be "verbal" (based on words), or "non-verbal" (based on actions). Speech can be given to one person, to a few people, or to a large group of people. A speech given by a person to a lot of people is called an address. A person making a speech is called a speaker.
Animals also have speech. They also communicate with each other. However, many times, an animals' communication is not the same as the way we humans speak.
A speaker may say something, but might mean something different. One speech can be understood as many different things, such as in different languages.

880s
Centuries: 8th century - 9th century - 10th century
Decades: 830s - 840s - 850s - 860s - 870s - 880s - 890s - 900s - 910s - 920s - 930s
Years: 880 881 882 883 884 885 886 887 888 889

Scream_(movie)
Scream is a movie from the United States by Wes Craven that was released in 1996. The actors in the movie include David Arquette, Drew Barrymore and Neve Campbell. The movie is a mix of styles being a slasher, horror and comedy. The theme song for the movie is "Red Right Hand" by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
Plot.
A young woman is stalked by a killer wearing a mask. She tries to find out who the killer is and learns secrets about the town. Along the way the characters also talk about how the events would usually be shown in a slasher horror movie. This is the source of the comedy.The movie was incredibly well received globally, after the genre of horror movies had somewhat vanished from mainstream Hollywood the genre was revamped and made to be a 'typical' horror movie and was named the defining horror movie of the 90's. it's main characters are known to the public, before in the 80's horror movies had tiny budgets e.g. Halloween which was made for $30,000 although the budget for Scream isn't large it is substantially larger than that of other movies of the same genre. The movie is popular with teenagers and adults alike, teenagers enjoy the action while adults as well liking the horror movie humour.
Impact.
The movie was very successful. People who judge movies liked it (,,) and two other movies were made in the series. Scream 2 was released in 1997 and Scream 3 was released in 2000. It has been recognised as the most successful horror series ever after the movies combined takings earned over $500 million!
After this success many other movies copying Scream's style were also released including I Know What You Did Last Summer. And the horror genre has being replenished with many re-makes occurring even a re-make of Halloween after audiences are still attracted to the genre mainly due to the Scream series.

Nucleic_acid
Nucleic acids are where genetic information is stored. There are two types of nucleic acids: deoxyribonucleic acid and ribonucleic acid.
The basic building block of nucleic acids are nucleotides. A nucleotide consists of a nitrogenous base, a pentose sugar or a five-carbon sugar and a phosphate group.

St._Lucia_Day
Into our dark house she comes,
The Lucia celebrations also include ginger snaps and sweet, saffron-flavoured buns (lussekatter) shaped like curled-up cats and with raisin eyes. You eat them with glögg or coffee.

Monty_Python_and_the_Holy_Grail
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" is the second movie made by Monty Python. It was made in 1975 and was very successful. It is still very popular. It was also made into a musical called "Spamalot".
Story.
This is a comedy about King Arthur's search for the Holy Grail. He gathers a group of knights around him. They do not ride horses - instead they clap coconut halves together, to make the sound of a horse galloping. They search for the grail, but keep on getting distracted by peasants (poor farmers) who want to talk about politics, or French knights insulting them.
The film was made in Scotland.

Wisdom
Wisdom is knowing things that help a person to live sensibly and make good decisions. Wisdom is defined differently by many cultures. Some say that wisdom is something a person learns as they grow older. Other cultures expect people to complete certain rituals in order to get wisdom.
If someone has wisdom we say he is wise.
Most cultures from the past have had special people who were supposed to be wise. People asked them for advice when they had problems because they knew things that ordinary people did not know or could not know. They were often called "sages".
There are many stories in Western culture in which the owl is supposed to be a wise bird.

Problem
A problem is a situation which is difficult to deal with. The word comes from a Greek word meaning an "obstacle" (something that is in your way). If someone has a problem, they have to find a way of "solving" the problem. The way to solve it is called a "solution".
Examples.
"John has locked his car keys inside his car so that he cannot get at them. John has a problem".
Social examples.
We can also talk about a child with "behaviour problems".
Entertainment examples.
Some problems are made up for fun. These are like puzzles. Some of them can be solved with logic, others can be solved by trial and error (this is called "heuristic").
Mathematical examples.
"John is three times as old as Mary. In three years time he will be twice as old as Mary. How old are John and Mary?" (9 and 3)
"Peter, Ruth, Samuel and Jessica live in the same house. Peter and Ruth went out. When they returned they found Jessica lying dead, surrounded by glass. They were sure Samuel had done it. Why did they not call the police?" The answer is: Samuel was the cat and Jessica was a goldfish.

69
__NOTOC__

Turbofolk
Turbofolk or Pop-folk is a style of music from the Balkans that was invented in the early 1990s. It mostly comes from Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro, but it is also popular in other nearby countries. It sounds like a mix of Arabic-style singing (in the Serbian language) with electronic music and rock music.
Turbofolk is sometimes associated with the recent Balkan wars and the Breakup of Yugoslavia but it is still popular.

Adenosine_Triphosphate
Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP) is the universal energy currency for all living things. Every cell in the world uses ATP for energy. It consists of a base (adenine) and three phosphate groups. It can be made many different ways, but mainly it is made by cellular respiration.
Formation.
ATP is formed in photosynthesising plants. ATP is made during a stage of photosynthesis. When an excited electron activates a gate that allows protons into the cell, the protons can not get out. As the concentration increases, the internal pressure increases as well. Soon, a small gate opens, allowing protons through. Upon their exit, the proton starts a reaction between an ADP molecule (Adenosine Diphosphate) and a phosphate. The two are joined together and form ATP. In animals, ATP is made during Cellular respiration: it makes 2 ATP molecules in glycolysis, and 36 in the electron transport chain. Therefore, cellular respiration creates a total of 38 ATP in one cycle.
Usage.
ATP is a very versatile molecule, meaning that it can be used for many things. Energy is stored in chemical bonds in molecules. When a bond is broken, energy is released. Also, when a bond is made, energy is stored. When ADP binds with another phosphate, energy is stored that can be used later. When ATP breaks a bond with a phosphate group and becomes ADP, energy is released. The ATP phosphate exchange is a nearly never-ending cycle, stopping only when the cell dies. ATP gives energy to most of the cell's functions: the sodium-potassium pumps in the cell membrane require ATP to break into ADP and the loose phosphate must bind to the pump. All active transports require ATP in some form.

Sessile
An organism is called sessile if it cannot move about on its own. It might be attached to some support, like a barnacle. If it can move on its own it is called motile.

Sun_Tzu_(mathematician)
Sun Tzu or Sun Zi was a Chinese mathematician of the third century CE.
His interests were in astronomy. He tried to develop a calendar and for this he investigated Diophantine equations. He is best known for authoring "Sun Tzu Suan Ching" (pinyin: "Sun Zi Suan Jing"; literally, "Sun Tzu's Calculation Classic"), which contains the Chinese remainder theorem.

Mall
A mall is a large building that contains many stores (usually over 200) that are close to each other and sell products.
Overview.
People visit the stores in the mall to shop. Most malls have parking lots (places to park cars). Most malls have roofs so people can shop inside. Most malls have a food court, which is an area where people buy food. More modern malls have Movie theatres. Malls are mainly for buying clothing, but other items may be bought.
Famous Malls.
The Dixie Square Mall, was from the 1980 movie The Blues Brothers, located in Harvey, Illinois. Sadly, the mall is half torn down.
The Hawthorne Plaza is a half closed mall, that was featured in many movies.
The Eden Prarie Mall, was featured in the 1995 film Mallrats.
West Edmonton Mall, in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada is one of the largest malls in the world.
The Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota is one of the largest malls in the world.

Punjab_region
Punjab is a region in Asia. Some parts of it are in Pakistan, and parts of it are in the Republic of India. It is located in a plain, with the river Indus flowing through it. The soil is very fertile. The Indian part of it has the highest income in India, per population. It lives from agriculture. Main religions in the region are Sikhism, Hinduism and Islam. Sikh's have fighting against Indian rule and are seeking freedom for Khalistan.

Stanford_University
The Leland Stanford Junior University, often called Stanford University (or simply Stanford), is a private university next to Palo Alto in California, in the middle of Silicon Valley,
about 37 miles (60 kilometers) southeast of San Francisco and about 20 miles northwest of San José, in Santa Clara County.
With one of the largest university campuses in the United States, the University includes the Schools of Engineering, Law, Medicine, Education, Business, Earth Sciences, and Humanities and Sciences. Stanford also hosts volunteer programs and a teaching hospital.

Shorthand
Shorthand or "stenography" is a way of writing. Shorthand systems allow to write much faster. Shorthand systems have been in use since antiquity. In modern days, their use has declined, because there are systems available that can record voice.

Michael_Faraday
Michael Faraday (September 22,1791-August 25,1867) was an English chemist and physicist. At the time when he lived, people like him were called "natural philosophers". He contributed many discoveries to the field of electromagnetism and electrochemistry. According to his teachings, magnetism is able to influence rays of light, as the two phenomena are related. At the time Newton's view was thought to be true by everyone: space is the stage on which physical events happen, a stage that does not contribute to actions that happen in it. Because of this, when it was admitted that light is a wave phenomenon (1818), it was thought to be true that space is not empty, that something fills space between the stars and Earth, something elastic that can transmit waves. Faraday didn't believe this and viewed light waves as events in empty space: he ignored the elastic medium, known as the aether, and kept its properties: they belong to space itself. This view was rejected at first. It became known to many people as true only generations later, in 1905, after Einstein dismissed the medium in order to explain the failure of Michelson to discover the aether wind.
Early life.
Michael Faraday was born in Newington Butts, near present-day South London, England. His family did not have a lot of money. His father, James, was a blacksmith. James Faraday had come to London in the 1780s from North-West England. The young Michael Faraday, one of four children, only having the most basic of school educations, had to teach himself. At fourteen he was taken to learn the ways of the bookbinder and bookseller by George Riebau. During his seven-year apprenticeship, he read many books, including Isaac Watts' "The Improvement of the Mind", the ideas in the book Faraday loved to implement in his work. He started to become interested in science, specifically in electricity. Faraday found inspiration by the book "Conversations in Chemistry" by Jane Marcet.

Sith
In the fictional "Star Wars" universe, the Sith are users of the Dark side of The Force and the opposite of the Jedi.
The Sith live to dominate all others and to cause pain and suffering throughout the "Star Wars" galaxy. Some famous Sith are Darth Vader, Emperor Palpatine and Darth Maul.

Entropy
Entropy is the name of some different things.
The word Entropy came from the study of heat and energy in the period 1850 to 1900. Some very useful mathematical ideas about probability calculations emerged from the study of entropy. These ideas are now used in Information theory, Chemistry and other areas of study.

Gilbertville,_Ontario
Gilbertville is a hamlet in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada that is in between Delhi and the historical hamlet of Pine Grove. There is a small grocery store, a tractor shop, a car repair shop, and farmland to the south. In addition to all this, Gilbertville is also the site of a former army base and was founded by the Gilbert family in the 19th century as a place to rest horses when travelling to and from the towns of Simcoe and Delhi. Prior to the year 2001, Gilbertvile was covered with a stench that was created by sulphuric water.

Tourette_syndrome
Tourette syndrome is an inherited neurological disorder. Tourette syndrome can also be named Tourette's syndrome,Tourette's disorder, Gilles de la Tourette's Syndrome, GTS, Tourette's, or TS. People that have Tourette's have tics (movements or sounds that the person cannot easily control). Tourette's is normally inherited and starts in childhood.
People who have Tourette's have a normal life expectancy and normal intelligence. Tics are normally not as bad as people get older. Adults with severe Tourette's are rare. Less than 15% of people with Tourette's have coprolalia. Coprolalia is using phrases that many people may be offended by, without being able to stop saying them.
Most people with Tourette's do not need treatment. There are drugs that can help people manage tics. There are also therapies that can help people live easier with Tourette's.
The disease is named after Georges Gilles de la Tourette. He was one of the first physicians to describe the symptoms.

Obfuscation
Obfuscation means to make something harder to understand. Weasel words are a form of obfuscation. Obfuscation is usually used when people either do not know what they are talking about or wish to hide their meaning.
Some people say that when doctors use difficult medical words to hide unpleasant things from patients, they are using obfuscation.

Adoption
Adoption is the legal process of taking a child into a household as a new family member.

Joseph_Addison
Joseph Addison (b. May 1, 1672 d. June 17, 1719) is a famous author and essayist who is known as "The Noblest Purifier of English Literature".
Death.
Addison is buried in Westminster Abbey in the north aisle of the Henry VII Chapel.

Paradise
Paradise (or often called heaven) is a place where you have a good time and many things are there when you need it.

Simple_living
Simple living means "living life easy". Often people say a person is lazy if they're simple, but it doesn't always mean that.

Manioc
Manioc (or Cassava, or Yuca, especially in Latin America) is a shrub. It belongs to the Spurge family of plants. It grows in tropical climates. It is cultivated for its edible root.

Edward_Heath
Edward Heath was a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
He was educated at Balliol College, Oxford.

Alkaline_earth_metal
Alkaline earth elements are related to the Alkali metals, but they do not react this acute, because they need more energy to remove two electrons. So they do not have to be stored in petrol. As ions they have a charge of +2.The alkaline earth metals are silvered colored, soft metals, which react readily with halogens to form ionic salts, and with water, though not as rapidly as the alkali metals, to form strongly alkaline (basic) hydroxides.

Verão_Vermelho
"Verão Vermelho" is a song by Santana which came off the album Festival. Carlos Santana pays homage to the late, legendary Brazilian singer, Elis Regina. This song features some excellent acoustic guitar with The Waters Family background vocalists singing the meaningless words, ”Badadup, badadup, badadup, ba pa pa ba pa pa.” Santana plays a flamenco guitar solo. This is a first for him as the track ends with a keyboard flourish. He also plays a flamenco guitar solo during the intro. "Verão Vermelho" is Portuguese for "Red Summer". This song was originally performed by Elis Regina, and it appeared on her 1970 album "Em Pleno Verao".

The_Society_of_Saint_John_the_Evangelist
The Society of Saint John the Evangelist is an Anglican religious order. It has two branches, one in England and one in the United States. The house in England was founded in the 1860s in Cowley, England. The one in the United States was founded around the year 1874. The American branch of the society has 2 houses for their monks. The American branch owns Cowley publications. The monks live under The Rule of the Society of Saint John the Evangelist. The monks spend a lot of time in prayer and they also go on missions. They are one of the first monastries founded after the Protestant Reformation. They also have The Fellowship of Saint John.

Entomology
Entomology is the science of insects. People who study insects are called entomologists. Insects have been studied since prehistoric times, but it was not until as early as the 16th century that insects were scientifically studied.
Some entomologists study how insects are related to each other. Others study how insects live and reproduce, because we do not know very much about some kinds of insects. Other entomologists study ways to keep insects away from crops that people use for food.There are billions of unknown species throughout the world and taxonimists catagorize the newly found.
Entomologists meet to talk about their study of insects and to share ideas, just as all scientists do.

2008_Summer_Olympics
The 2008 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad, were celebrated in Beijing, People's Republic of China from August 8 to August 24. The opening ceremony began at 08:08:08 pm CST (12:08:08 UTC) at the Beijing National Stadium in Beijing, People's Republic of China. During the games, 10,500 athletes will be competing in 302 events in 28 sports. This is one event more than what was on the schedule of the 2004 games.
The Olympic games were awarded to Beijing after a vote of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) on July 13, 2001. The official logo of the games, titled "Dancing Beijing," features a stylised calligraphic character "jīng" (京, meaning "capital"), meaning the host city. The mascots of Beijing 2008 are the five Fuwa, each representing both a colour of the Olympic rings and a symbol of Chinese culture. The Olympic slogan, "One World, One Dream", calls upon the world to unite in the Olympic spirit. Several new NOCs have also been recognised by the IOC.
The Chinese government used the games to promote China as an important and powerful country, and spent a lot of money on building new facilities and transportation systems for the games. The events were held in 37 places, including 12 newly-built buildings. In 2007, former IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch said that he thinks that the Beijing games will be "the best in Olympic history". Although there was been some controversy about having the games in China, the IOC's current president Jacques Rogge says that the IOC has "absolutely no regrets" in choosing Beijing to host the 2008 games.
Medal table.
At the end of the Olympics, the China won the total gold medal count, while the United States led the grand total medal count.
Here is the top of the medal table at the end of the games.
Medal numbers shown in bold are the highest in their section. China, the host nation is highlighted in lavender.

Kuiper_belt
The Kuiper belt is an area of the solar system beyond the orbit of Neptune (at 30 AU) to 50 AU from the Sun.
The objects within the Kuiper Belt together with the members of the "scattered disk" beyond, are together called trans-Neptunian.

Bifröst
In Norse mythology, Bifröst is the bridge between the land of mortals, Midgard, and the land of the gods, Asgard. The gods cross it every day to meet and decide things at Urdarbrunn (Well of Urd) under the tree Yggdrasill. The bridge is a rainbow. It was built by the Æsir and is guarded by the god Heimdall.
Only the thunder god Thor was not allowed to use the rainbow, because he may break it. The bridge is destroyed at the end of the world, Ragnarök, when the army of giants and the dead ran on it to attack heaven.

Leia_Organa
Princess Leia Organa, born Leia Amidala Skywalker, is a character from the "Star Wars" universe. Leia was played by Carrie Fisher in the original three "Star Wars" movies: "A New Hope", "The Empire Strikes Back", and "Return of the Jedi". She is also a main character in many novels that are set in the "Star Wars" universe.
Character history.
Organa is the daughter of Padmé Amidala and Anakin Skywalker. She has a twin brother, Luke Skywalker. He mother died giving birth to her and her brother. The twins were taken at birth and given to different families to raise. Leia was raised by the family of Alderaan's Senator Bail Organa as his daughter.

Roman_Vishniac
Roman Vishniac ['vɪʃniæk] (Russian: Роман Вишняк; August 19 1897 – January 22 1990) is a Russian-American photographer, a type of artist who takes pictures, and a biologist, a type of scientist that studies living things. He is well known for taking pictures of Jewish culture in Central and Eastern Europe before the Holocaust. Many of these pictures are in his book, "A Vanished World", published in 1983.

Gondola
A Gondola is a kind of boat. Gondolas are mainly used in Venice. Unlike other boats, a long oar is used to move the gondola.

List_of_UEFA_European_Football_Champions
The UEFA European Football Championship champions

Ruthenium
Ruthenium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Ru. It has the atomic number 44. It is a rare metal. It is silver white. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the transition metals. It is also part of the platinum group. Ruthenium is found in platinum ores.
Ruthenium is used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys.

The_Cunning_Little_Vixen
"The Cunning Little Vixen" (original title: "Příhody lišky bystroušky", literally translates to "The Adventures of Vixen Sharp-Ears") is an opera by the Czech composer Leoš Janáček. Janáček loved animals, and in this opera some of the characters are humans but some are animals. Some of the little animals, (like the grasshopper, frog and cricket) are usually sung by children.
Janáček got the idea of this opera from a cartoon strip called “Sharp-ears” (in Czech: "Bystrouška"). The cartoon was published in a popular daily newspaper Lidové noviny. It was about a vixen (a female fox) and her adventures in the forest. He thought that the story would make a good opera. He made a few changes to the story: he left out a some characters, changed the order of the story a little, and made the humans and the animals behave in a similar way. It was first performed in Brno on 6 November 1924.
When Janáček died in 1928 the last part of the opera was played at his funeral.
The Story of the opera.
A forester is sleeping under a tree. Nearby a young vixen (here, vixen means baby fox) is playing. She nearly catches a frog, but the frog jumps away and lands on the forester’s nose. He wakes up and sees the little vixen playing. He catches the vixen and take her home with him. He gave her a name: “Sharp-ears”.
Sharp-ears is unhappy at the forester’s cottage. She is tied up with a rope in the yard. The hens keep teasing her and the dog is boring. One day she tells the hens that they are silly to stay in the farmyard being bossed about by the rooster. She tells them they ought to fly away to freedom. She pretends to die, then jumps up and starts to catch them. When the forester’s wife comes out Sharp-ears bites through the rope and disappears into the forest.
She finds a nice sett (badger's hole) where a badger lives. She wants to live there herself so she chases the badger out of his home. One winter’s night the forester is drinking in the inn. He teases the priest and the schoolmaster for not having found someone to love. They in turn tease the forester for having let the vixen go. The schoolmaster starts to go home. He is drunk. He sees the vixen who reminds him of his former lover, but he is too drunk to catch hold of her.
Sharp-ears meets a handsome young male fox called Goldskin. The two fall in love. When she realizes she is pregnant the fox and vixen get married. The woodpecker is the priest who marries them. The cubs (baby foxes) are born in the spring.
The forester is still searching the forest for Sharp-ears. One day he finds a dead hare. The poacher persuades the forester to make a trap, because he thinks that Sharp-ears will come back to eat the hare. The cubs arrive and play near the trap. Sharp-ears realizes the poacher is trying to catch her. She teases him cruelly and dares him to kill her. He shoots her with his rifle, then he is very sad.
Some time later the forester is sleeping under a tree. He wakes up when a frog lands on his hand. He sees a young vixen playing in front of him. He tells the young cub that she looks just like her mother. He reaches out for her but catches a frog instead. He lets it go. He realizes that life must go on.
Meaning of the story.
Janáček made some changes to the story in the cartoon. This made it more suitable for an opera. He did not have all the characters that are in the cartoon, and he changed the order of the story to make it more dramatic. He compares the human beings with the animals. For example: we see vixen Sharp-ears falling in love and having a family. But the forester’s friends: the school master and the priest, have not been so lucky with their love-life. The priest looks like the badger, the woodpecker is like the priest. When the opera is performed the same singer sometimes sings both parts. The end of the opera is like the beginning. This shows that life carries on and one generation follows another.
The Music.
The music matches the story beautifully. There are a lot of tunes with very exciting harmonies. Sometimes he uses modes and whole-tone scales. Janáček often makes his music sound like folk music of his country.

Piccadilly_Line
The Piccadilly Line is a line of the London Underground, coloured dark blue on the Tube map. It is a deep-level line running from the north-east to the west of London. It runs from Cockfosters station to Heathrow Airport station or Uxbridge station.
Trains.
Like most London Underground lines, the Piccadilly Line is run by one type of train only. The Piccadilly Line is run by the 1973 tube stock, in the London Underground colours of blue, white and red. Seventy-six trains out of all together 88 are needed to run the line's peak service, and one unit was badly damaged by the terrorist attack of 7 July 2005. While the trains were recently renovated, it is going to be replaced within the next ten years.
The line was run by 1959 stock, 1956 stock, 1938 stock, standard tube stock and 1906 gate stock, before they were replaced by th 1973 stock.
The line has 2 depots, one at Northfields and one between Oakwood and Cockfosters. There are sidings at South Harrow, Arnos Grove, Rayners Lane, Down Street, Wood Green, Hyde Park Corner, Acton Town and Uxbridge.
Signalling.
The signals of the line are controlled from the control centre at Earl's Court, which is also used by the District Line. There are plans to set up new signals because the existing signals are too old. This work is planned for 2014.
Services.
"tph " means trains per hour, for example 3tph means that there is a train every 20 minutes).
Half of the Uxbridge trains turn back at Rayners Lane - a 10-minute service runs between Acton and Rayners Lane, with a 20-minute service to Uxbridge (this part is also used by the Metropolitan line).
Other services operate at times, especially at the start and towards the end of the traffic day.
Stations.
"(In order from east to west.)"
Extension to Hounslow and Uxbridge.
The line splits here into two branches — the Heathrow branch and the Uxbridge branch.
Heathrow branch.
Just after Heathrow Terminals 1, 2, 3 tube station, the line will go into a new section to serve Heathrow Terminal 5 tube station, which is being built.
Closed stations.
Aldwych opened on the 30 November 1907 as Strand. It was at the end of a branch line from the main line at Holborn. From 1917 onwards it was served only by a shuttle from Holborn. In the same year it was renamed Aldwych. It was closed in 1940 during World War II to be used as an air-raid shelter. It re-opened in 1946. It was finally closed on 30 September 1994.
Brompton Road opened 15 December 1906; closed 30 July 1934, between Knightsbridge and South Kensington.
Down Street opened 15 December 1906; closed 21 May 1932, between Green Park and Hyde Park Corner.
Osterley & Spring Grove first served 13 March 1933; closed 24 March 1934 between Boston Manor and Hounslow East. It was replaced by Osterley.
Park Royal & Twyford Abbey opened 23 June 1903; closed 5 July 1931. Although on the route of the current Piccadilly Line a short distance north of the present Park Royal station, it was never served by Piccadilly Line trains. It was opened by the District Line, the original operator of the line between Ealing Common and South Harrow, and was closed and replaced by the present Park Royal station before the Piccadilly Line started running trains to South Harrow in 1932.
York Road opened 15 December 1906; closed 19 September 1932, between King's Cross St Pancras and Caledonian Road.

1._FC_Nürnberg
The 1. FC Nürnberg is a football club from Nuremberg, Germany. The club was founded on May 4, 1900.
Successes.
The name of the president of this football club is Michael A. Roth, the manager is Martin Bader and the coach is Michael Oenning.

Laser_printer
A laser printer is a printer for computers. It uses LED-technology to get small particles of toner from a cartridge onto paper. Very often, this is more economical to use than the ink of inkjet printers.

Californium
Californium is a chemical element. It is a radioactive metal. It has the chemical symbol Cf. It has the atomic number 98. Californium is a transuranic element. It is found in nature on earth but is found in other parts of the universe. Californium does not have many uses. It was discovered by bombarding a curium target with alpha particles (helium ions).

Frigg
Frigg (or Frigga) is a goddess in Norse mythology. She is Odin's wife. She is the goddess of marriage, motherhood, managing the household, and keeper of the domestic arts. She has the power of prophecy, but she does not tell what she knows. Her children are Baldr, Höðr and, in an English source, Wecta; her stepchildren are Hermóðr, Heimdall, Tyr, Vidar, Váli, and Skjoldr. Thor is either her brother or a stepson. Frigg's companion is Eir, the gods' doctor and goddess of healing. Frigg's attendants are Hlín (a goddess of protection), Gná (a messenger goddess), and Fulla (a fertility goddess). It is unclear whether Frigg's companions and attendants are simply different aspects of Frigg herself (cf. avatar). According to the poem "Lokasenna" Frigg is the daughter of Fjorgyn (masculine version of "Earth," cf. feminine version of "Earth," Thor's mother), her mother is not identified in the stories that have survived.
In the poem Lokasenna, Loki insulted all the gods and goddesses. To Frigg, he said that she had sexual relationships with Odin's brothers, Ve and Vili, when Odin was away.
Frigg is the foremost goddess of the Æsir, she is often confused with Freyja, foremost goddess of the Vanir.
Friday, the day of the week is named either after her or after Freyja.

Foundry
A foundry is a place where molten (melted) metals are poured into casts, to make metal things of a certain shape.

Anaheim_Ducks
The Anaheim Ducks are an ice hockey team from Anaheim, California, California. They are in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Ducks changed the name on June 22, 2006. They used to be the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. The name comes from the Disney movie "The Mighty Ducks".
The team was created in 1991 and started playing in the 1993 season. The Ducks were originally owned by The Walt Disney Company. In 2005, Disney sold the Ducks to Susan and Henry Samueli
They are in the Western Conference's Pacific Division. They play their home games at Honda Center, in Anaheim, California. Their team colors are black, gold, and orange. Randy Carlyle is the team's head coach. Scott Niedermayer is the captain of the team.
To date, they have won one Stanley Cup. It was in the 2006-2007 season. The Anaheim Ducks won the conference championship in the 2002-03 season and 2006-2007 season. They have won a Pacific division title in 2006-2007.

Ytterbium
Ytterbium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Yb. It has the atomic number 70. It is part of a group of chemical elements in the periodic table named the Lanthanides. Ytterbium is a rare earth element. It is soft and silver color.
Ytterbium is found in minerals named gadolinite, monazite, and xenotime. In nature it is found as a mix of seven stable isotopes. Ytterbium is used in some steels and is also used to make lasers.

Vercingetorix
Vercingetorix (in Gaulish) born 72 BC, died 46 BC) was a chieftain of the Gallic tribe of the Arverni. He led the great Gallic war against Roman imperialism in 52 BC. His name in Gaulish means "over-king of the marching men"; the "marching men" would now be called "infantry".
Vercingetorix was probably one of the first to unite some tribes of Gaul against a common enemy. This was the last major uprising of the peoples of Gaul against the Roman invaders.

Carbonate
A carbonate is a chemical compound that is made of carbon and oxygen. When added to an acid, a carbonate will produce carbon dioxide, water and a chemical salt.

Appalachian_Mountains
The Appalachian Mountains (French: les Appalaches) are a large group of North American mountains. They are partly in Canada, but mostly in the United States. They form an area from 100 to 300 miles wide, running 1,500 miles from the island of Newfoundland in Canada to central Alabama in the United States. The individual mountains average around 3,000 ft (900 m) in height. The highest is Mt. Mitchell in North Carolina (6,684 ft or 2,037m). Mt. Mitchell is also the highest point in the United States east of the Mississippi River as well as the highest point in eastern North America.
The term "Appalachia" is used to refer to regions associated with the mountain range. It refers to the mountain range and the hills and plateau region around it. The term is often used to refer to just areas in the central and southern Appalachian Mountains. These areas usually include parts of the states of Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and North Carolina, and sometimes extending as far south as northern Georgia and western South Carolina, as far north as Pennsylvania, and as far west as southeastern Ohio.

Transposon
A transposon is a gene or series of DNA code that can move around inside the cells genome. Transposons were first found by Barbara McClintock while working on maize. She received a Nobel Prize for this in 1983. Transposons will usually mutations in the genetic code. This can cause death or serious disease. Medical problems believed to be caused by transposon include hemophilia A and B, porphyria, increased chance to get cancer, and Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Transposons can be used to put a gene into the DNA of an organism. This has been done with fruit flies ("Drosophila melanogaster") by putting the transposon into the embryo. The orgins of transposons is a topic in science that is being researched. Not much information is known about them.

Interest
Interest is the cost for borrowing money or the payment for lending money. Usually, this is fixed as a percentage of the amount of money borrowed (Which would then be called "Interest rate").
At some times in the past, or in some places today, it has been illegal to make a person pay interest on a loan. It was, or is, against some religious rules. If the interest that a person must pay is too high, this is called usury. This is often illegal today, even when lower interest is legal.
Interest can also be the care or concern that someone has for something or someone. If someone cares about something, they "have an interest" in that thing, or they "find it interesting". If something is beautiful, or funny, or new, that might make the thing interesting. However, a very important concern, for example love or hate, is more than an interest. An interest can also be a task that someone likes to do or watch, like a game or a hobby.
If someone has a legal right to something (usually money or property) they have an interest in that thing. This is also true for someone who shares a right with others, or a person who has a future right to something. For example, if some brothers and sisters will be given a house after their parents die, each of them "has a financial interest" in the house, even if the parents are still living.

Macedonia
Macedonia is the name of two areas in Europe

Traffic_light
Traffic signals are instruments for controlling traffic by using changing lights. They are used for controlling traffic.

Xylem
Xylem is a vessel in plants where nutrients can be taken from the roots to the stem. It is one of two vessels in the plant which transports things. The other one is the phloem, which transports sugar. The inside part of the tube is called the xylem.

Pizzicato
Pizzicato means: playing a string instrument by plucking the strings (pulling a string with the finger and letting go quickly). Instruments such as the violin, viola, cello and double bass are normally played with a bow, but if the composer wants the player to pluck instead of bow, the word “pizzicato” or just “pizz” is written in the music. When the player has to play with the bow again the word “arco” is written in the music (“arco” is the Italian word for “bow”).
How to play pizzicato.
When instruments of the violin family are played pizzicato the player usually plucks the string with the index finger (pointing finger) of the right hand somewhere over the fingerboard. Sometimes the player may rest the thumb on the edge of the fingerboard to keep the hand steady. It is difficult to play pizzicato really fast. Sometimes two fingers can be used for really fast bits. Cellists and double bass players can use the thumb for plucking, especially for playing chords.
It is also possible to play pizzicato with the left hand (the hand which is normally doing the fingering). It is not difficult to pluck an open string with the left hand. Stopped strings are harder, and the brilliant violinist and composer Niccolò Paganini wrote some virtuoso pieces with extremely difficult left hand pizzicato.
Very occasionally violinists may be asked to pluck their instruments holding them down in their laps. This is normally when they are deliberately imitating a guitar.
Changing from pizzicato to arco.
Very often players have to change very quickly from bowing to plucking and back again. It is easy to play a bowed note and then immediately a plucked note if the bowed note finished near the heel of the bow (the end where the bow is held). If the bowed note finishes near the tip the player needs a moment to get the hand ready to pluck. It can take a little more time to go back to bowing again because the player has to get the bow back into playing position.
If there is a long pizzicato section then it is more comfortable to put the bow down instead of holding it in the right hand all the time. This is fine so long as the player has time to pick the bow up again when it goes back to arco.
The sound of pizzicato.
Pizzicato notes sound short and detached (staccato). The player can get different sounds by plucking in different parts of the string. High notes sound very short and dry. Pizzicato notes on the double bass sound much more resonant (big and boomy). Double basses often play pizzicato to give extra rhythmic and harmonic support. For example: in a waltz the cellos and violas might be accompanying the tune with an “um-cha-cha, um-cha-cha” while the double basses just pluck on the “um” (the first beat of the bar). Double basses usually play pizzicato when playing with jazz groups.
One special effect can be made by pulling the string hard and letting it go so that it snaps against the fingerboard. Bartók used this effect several times. This is not the same as jazz bass players who slap the strings at the end of a note (“slap bass”).
Pizzicato in music history.
In orchestras composers used pizzicato in the 17th century. Monteverdi used it in his opera "Il combattimento di Tancredi e Clorinda". In the 19th century the Romantic composers often asked for pizzicato. Tchaikovsky’s "Symphony no 4" has a whole scherzo movement for pizzicato strings. Johann Strauss wrote a "Pizzicato Polka" and in the 20th century Britten wrote a whole movement for pizzicato strings in his "Simple Symphony".

Mimas_(moon)
Mimas is one of Saturn's largest moons. It is best known for its large crater, Herschel. The centre of the crater has a very high mountain.

Tsarevich_Alexei_Nikolaevich_of_Russia
Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia was to be Emperor of Russia. He was born on August 12, 1904 (jul. July 30, 1904) and probably died on July 17, 1918. He was the youngest of five children and the only son of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and Alexandra Fyodorovna. His sisters were Olga, Tatiana, Maria, and Anastasia.
He had the disease hemophilia. He inherited the disease from his mother. The disease can be traced back to her grandmother Queen Victoria. His father was forced to give up the throne in 1917 and his family was murdered in Ekaterinburg in 1918.
His body and the body of either Anastasia or Maria are missing from the grave that was found in 1991.
In 2000, Alexei and his family was made saints by the Russian Orthodox Church.

Geraldton,_Western_Australia
Geraldton is a city and port in Western Australia 424 km north of Perth. 29,996, people live there, what makes it the fifth-largest city in Western Australia.
Today the city is an important for mining, fishing, wheat, sheep and tourism.

Minmi
Minmi was a dinosaur that ate plants. It lived about 119 to 113 million years ago.

Superconductor
A superconductor is a special type of material that conducts electricity without resistance. That means that electrons (tiny negative particles) can flow very easily through the material. This is helped by low temperatures.

Indictment
In common law, an indictment is a charge saying that a person committed a very serious crime. They used to be given out by grand juries, but many places don't have grand juries anymore. sealed indictments are kept secret until they are unsealed.

Dwarf
A dwarf is a short, humanlike creature in Norse mythology as well as other Germanic mythologies, fairy tales, fantasy, fiction and role-playing games.
A dwarf can also be a short human. Often "dwarf" is used as an insult for short people, but some people have a genetic condition which was called dwarfism. Not all short people have this condition.

Zhou_Dynasty
The Zhou Dynasty defeated the Shang Dynasty using the mandate of heaven and said they were immoral at about 3000 BC, and came to power. They changed the capital from Henan to a place near present day Xi'an, near the Yellow River. The Zhou Dynasty also brought a new theory. This theory told the people that kings had the order of the gods to rule the country (mandate of heaven). Almost all dynasties of Chinese rulers continued to repeat this theory. The kings of this dynasty won many new areas. For the first time in the history of China, large number of persons also moved from one area to other area for settlement.
During the Zhou Dynasty, the origins of matured Chinese philosophy developed. The greatest Chinese philosophers were "Kong Fuzi" (Latin: Confucius), founder of Confucianism, and Laozi, founder of Daoism. Other philosophers, theorists, and schools of thought in this era were Mozi (Latin: Micius), founder of "Mohism", Mengzi (Latin: Mencius), a famous Confucian who expanded upon Kong Fuzi's legacy, Shang Yang and Han Feizi, responsible for the development of ancient Chinese Legalism (the core philosophy of the Qin Dynasty), and Xunzi.

Mozilla_(web_browser)
Mozilla was a web browser that was made open source. It was developed by Mozilla Foundation.
Mozilla was the base of Mozilla Firefox.

List_of_Pacific_typhoon_seasons
The following is a list of Pacific typhoon seasons. Unlike Atlantic and Pacific hurricane seasons, they run for the whole year, starting on January 1 and ending on December 31. These dates are when tropical cyclones usually form in the western half of the Pacific Ocean, north of the equator.
1900s.
1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959
1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000s.
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006

Faye_Valentine
Faye Valentine is the main female character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop. She is voiced by Megumi Hayashibara in the Japanese version and Wendee Lee in the English version.

Vicious_(Anime)
Vicious is a villain character in the Japanese anime television show, Cowboy Bebop. He is voiced by Norio Wakamoto in the Japanese version and Skip Stellrecht in the English.

Ash_Wednesday
In the Western Christian calendar, Ash Wednesday is the first day of Lent. It ends Carnival. It generally is 40 days before Easter. The date is different each year (because the date of Easter varies). Generally, it is between February 4 and March 10. In truth, there are 46 days between Ash Wednesday and Easter, but Sundays are not counted in this period.
Generally, those able to and willing should fast voluntarily between Ash Wednesday and Easter. There are exceptions, though. Pregnant women, those sick, children, and the old are generally excepted.

Valhalla
Valhalla (or "Val-hall") is a giant hall. In it, Odin presides over all those warriors which were slain in battle, and deeemed worthy to attend. The Valkyries choose the warriors. These warriors will fight on Odin's side at Ragnarök the battle at the end of the world.
During the day, they fight, during the night the consume alcoholic mead.

Waistband
A Waistband is something found on underwear. It is a band of rubber; which originally helped to keep the item in place. However, in recent years, such bands have been used for inscriptions (mainly of the brand name), so they became larger.

Norns
The Norns are deities in Norse mythology that governed fate. They are named Urd (the past), Verdandi (the being) and Skuld (what is to come). Skuld is also the name of a Valkyrie.
They are at the base of the tree Yggdrasil (or above the Bifröst bridge alternatively). They weave the tapestry of fates. Each person's life is a string in their loom. The length of the string is the length of the person's life. Even the gods have their strings, though the Norns hide the strings from the gods. So everything is set out beforehand. There is no luck, there is no randomness.
The Greeks called the Norns Moirae and the Romans called them Parcae.
The three norns feature in the opening of Richard Wagner's opera Götterdämmerung.

Thirty-Nine_Articles
The Thirty-Nine Articles are the historic statements of Anglican beliefs. The Articles were not meant to be a complete statement of the Christian faith. They are a statement of the position of the Church of England against the Roman Catholic Church and against Protestants.
History.
The articles were made in 1563, under the direction of Archbishop Matthew Parker. They are based on the Forty-Two Articles written under the direction of Thomas Cranmer in 1552 and passed under Edward VI of England in 1553. They are printed in the Book of Common Prayer and other Anglican prayer books. Priests, deacons, and bishops of the Church of England have to take an oath that what is said in the Articles is "agreeable to the Word of God." Other Anglican churches do not make such a requirement.
The Thirty-Nine Articles was needed because at that time in English history it was not possible to find an agreement about Protestantism. Rather than have the church become divided, they needed a way to list what the church believed. John Henry Newman, before he converted to Roman Catholicism, tried to show that the Articles could be seen in a way less hostile to Catholic belief.
Acceptance of the Articles.
Outside the Church of England, Anglican opinions of the Thirty-Nine Articles vary. The Episcopal Church in the United States of America sees them as an historical document and but does not make its members follow them. Anglican priest John Wesley changed the Thirty-Nine Articles for use by American Methodists in the 18th century. These new Articles of Religion are still the official United Methodist Church doctrine.

Governor_of_California
The Governor of California is the highest office in the state government in the American state of California. The office of Governor of California was created in 1849, before California became a state. Before it was a state, there had been six American military governors and numerous Mexican governors when California was part of Mexico. The current Governor of California is Arnold Schwarzenegger
The Governor is in charge of making yearly "State of the State" speeches to the California state government, submitting the budget, and making sure that state laws are being followed.

Troödon
Troödon was a dinosaur related to Saurornithoides. It was a member of the troodontids that were related to the dinosaur group that included the Velociraptor.

James_II_of_England
James II of England/VII of Scotland (14 October 1633 – 16 September 1701) became King of Scots, King of England, and King of Ireland on 6 February 1685, and Duke of Normandy on 31 December 1660. He was the last Roman Catholic king of Scotland, England, or Ireland. Some of his citizens did not like his religious ideas, leading a group of them to disobey and fight against him. This was called the Glorious Revolution because no one was killed. He was not replaced by his Roman Catholic son, James Francis Edward, but by his Protestant daughter and son-in-law, Mary II and William III (William II of Scotland), who became rulers in 1689.
The belief that James, not William III or Mary II, was the one true ruler became known as Jacobitism (from Jacobus or Iacobus, Latin for James). James made one serious attempt to recover his throne when he landed in Ireland in 1689. After his defeat at the Battle of the Boyne in the summer of 1690, he returned to France, living the rest of his life under the protection of King Louis XIV. His son James Francis Edward Stuart (The Old Pretender) and his grandson Charles Edward Stuart (The Young Pretender and Bonnie Prince Charlie) attempted to restore the Jacobite line after James's death, but failed.

Cigar
A cigar is a form in which tobacco is smoked. It is usually larger than a cigarette. Cigars are made of different types of tobacco which are cured in many different way to produce unique flavors and fragrances. Most quality cigars are rolled using a tobacco leaf, though more and more cigars have been rolled using different types of paper to replace the tobacco leaf. This results in a cleaner looking cigar. Commercially produced cigars are rolled and packed using machinery, and quality control and smokeability cannot be truly verified. Hand rolled cigars prove to still be the best option, but are more costly.
Cuba is known world wide for their cigars. Many other countries also produce cigars, most notibly in the central America and Caribbean island areas.

Flensburg
Flensburg (Danish: "Flensborg", Low Saxon: "Flensborg", North Frisian: "Flansborj") is a city in Germany, next to the border to Denmark. There are about 87,000 people living in Flensburg. The city has an university and a small marine harbour. It lives on tourism, students and the German marine forces.
History.
There was a first settlement about 1200 A.D., which became a city in 1284. In the following century, Flensburg became economic centre of the Duchy of Schleswig. In 1409 there were battles between people of the Duchy of Holstein and the Danish crown about the control of Schleswig. In 1412 and 1500 there were bad plagues in Flensburg. In 1485, there was a big fire in the city.
Between 1460 and 1864 was Flensburg the second important harbour to Denmark after Copenhagen. Since the 16th century Flensburg was an important place for trade. Flensburg became a part of Prussia in 1864, after the Danish-Pussian War.
In 1920, there was an election in Schleswig. The vote was to decide if the people wanted to belong to Denmark or Germany. South of Flensburg and Flensburg wanted to stay in Germany, north of Flensburg the people decides to became Dans.
In 1945, many German were driven out their homes in the eastern German provinces. These people went to Flensburg. The city had more than 100,000 inhabitants for a couple of years. Nowadays Flensburg has about 87,000 inhabitants.

Clan
A clan is a group of people who - following a tradition - belong to the same kin.
The easiest way to describe them is as sub-groups of tribes. Usually they form groups of 7000 to 10,000 people.

The_Source_(Charmed)
The Source is a fictional character in the television series "Charmed". The Source of All Evil is vanquished by the Power of Three in the fourth season of the show. Cole Turner (Phoebe's fiancee) takes his place as the ruler of the Underworld. Once he is killed, the Charmed Ones are free.

Seljuk_dynasty
The Seljuks (also Seldjuk, Seldjuq, Seljuq, sometimes also Seljuq Turks) were a Muslim dynasty. They ruled parts of Central Asia and the Middle East from the 11th to 14th centuries. Their empire was known as Great Seljuk Empire that stretched from Anatolia to Pakistan. The Seljuks also fought the Christians in the First Crusade.
The Seljuks were one of the cultural ancestors of the Western Turks, the present-day inhabitants of Azerbaijan, Turkey, and Turkmenistan. Originally, the House of Seljuq was a branch of the "Kinik" Oghuz Turks who in the 9th century lived north of the Caspian and Aral Seas in their Yabghu Khaganate of the Oghuz confederacy.
Seljuk Rulers of Kerman 1041-1187.
Kerman was a nation in southern Persia. It fell in 1187, probably conquered by Toğrül III of Great Seljuk.

Reflection
Reflection is the change in direction of a wave at a boundary between two different media, so that the wave moves back into the same medium from which it came from. The most common examples include the reflection of light, sound and water waves.
Specular reflection is a mirror-like reflection of light from a surface, in which light from a single incoming direction is reflected into a single outgoing direction. In the diagram to the right, a light ray is coming from the point P, and meets at the mirror at point O. The ray reflects at the point O outwards in the same medium towards point Q. If a line is put through point O that is at 90˚ to the mirror, the angles made by the light ray (shown in the diagram as formula_1 and formula_2) must be equal. Both angles have to be equal whenever reflection occurs. This is known as the "law of reflection".
The word "reflection" can also be used to mean an allegory, or a thing or person that resembles another.

Newark,_New_Jersey
Newark is the largest city in New Jersey.

Prophylaxis
Prophylaxis is a Greek word that means "to guard or prevent beforehand". People usually think medical treatment helps sick people to get healthy. Prophylactic treatment is helpful in a different way. Primary prophylaxis tries to stop healthy people from getting sick. Secondary prophylaxis tries to stop people who are sick from getting worse. One example of a prophylactic treatment is a condom. Condoms are prophylactic, because when you use them, you have a smaller chance of getting a sexually transmitted disease.

Pentaceratops
Pentaceratops was a very large ceratopsian dinosaur. It was almost 11 meters in length and 4 meters tall. It was larger than Triceratops.

2005_Cronulla_riots
The 2005 Cronulla riots were a series of violence between Lebanese and white Australian mobs. Riots started in and around Cronulla, a suburb on the beach in Sydney, Australia's biggest city. The violence was soon also in other suburbs around Sydney. The riots happened on 11 December, 12 December and 14 December.
They started when a group of Lebanese men asked a white Australian woman on a beach with a bikini on to cover up.

Neural_network
A Neural network is an artificial system (made of artificial neuron cells). It is modeled after the way the human brain works. Several computing cells work in parallel to produce a result. This is usually seen as one of the possible ways Artificial intelligence can work. Most neural network can tolerate if one or more of the processing cells fail.

Trauma
Trauma is the name doctors have for an injury. Depending on what was injured there are different kinds of traumas.

Nu_metal
Nu metal is a style of metal music that uses elements of hip hop and heavy metal music. As well as the normal heavy metal instruments such as guitars, drums and bass. Nu Metal bands often include electronic instruments such as DJ Decks and keyboards.
Nu Metal was very successful in the 1990's and Nu Metal bands such as Linkin Park and Slipknot sold a lot of records.
Controversy.
Nu Metal has recived a lot of bad comments from people who like Heavy Metal. They see Nu Metal fans as 'selling out' because they include hip-hop elements in their music.

Howard_Carter
Howard Carter (May 9, 1874 – March 2, 1939) was an English archaeologist. He was the man who found King Tutankhamun's grave. Tutankhamun died at only 19 years of age. Scientists found that he had a very bad break of the leg and thought he died because it got infected.

Gonadotropin
Gonadotropins (or Gonadotrophins) are hormones. The two main hormones of the group are Luteinizing Hormone (LH) and Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH). Gonadotropins are hormones that tell the testicles to make sperm.

Tabulating_machine
The tabulating machine was a machine used to process the 1890 United States census. It was created by Herman Hollerith. Hollerith's machine used punched cards to store information.

Icon_(disambiguation)
An icon, from the Greek word for image, is a picture of something holy or divine. Icons in this sense are in use mainly in Eastern Christianity. Look in the article Icon for this meaning.
Iconography is the study, mostly in art history, of the content of all types of images, their history and meaning. The word can also mean "symbolism".
In non-religious use an "icon" is a Pictogram for an object, facility, control, political party, government, or something like this. See Icon (secular).

Brights
The Brights is a group that was started by Paul Geisert and Mynga Futrell to make a name that sounds good for people who have views on life based on nature (naturalistic worldviews). They did not like that names like "atheist" and "non-believer" sounded bad to some people and they wanted a word that sounded better to these people.
Paul Geisert chose the word "bright." Mynga Futrell says a bright is a person who has views on life that are free of more-than-natural (supernatural) ideas. She says these persons' morals come from their views on life.
Criticism.
Some people, both religious and non-religious, do not like the Brights using the word "bright" in this way. They believe it suggests that people with views on life based on nature are smarter than those with other views on life. However, this is not why the name was chosen; it tries to show that people with views based on nature are "looking on the "bright" side" of life.

Monster
The term Monster can mean different things.

Central_Europe
Central Europe is the region lying between the areas of Eastern and Western Europe. In addition, Northern, Southern and Southeastern Europe mean different regions, but in some way they may or overlap into Central Europe. The term has come back into fashion since the end of the Cold War, which had divided Europe politically into East and West, with the Iron Curtain splitting "Central Europe" in half. The understanding of the concept of "Central Europe" varies considerably from nation to nation, and also has from time to time.

Bacteriophage
A bacteriophage is a virus that infects bacteria. The term is commonly shortened to phage.
Bacteriophages are similar to viruses that infect eukaryotes (plants, animals, and fungi) in that there are many different kinds of structures and functions. Bacteriophages are typically made of an outer protein hull that has genetic material inside it. The genetic material can be ssRNA, dsRNA, ssDNA, or double-stranded DNA between 5 and 500 kilo base pairs long with either circular or linear arrangement. Bacteriophages are usually between 20 and 200 nanometers in size.

Bite
A bite is a wound received from the teeth of an animal. Animals may bite things in self-defence. Animals also bite things to cut them into smaller pieces before they eat them.
Treatment.
Bite wounds should be washed, ideally with povidone-iodine soap and water. The injury should then be loosely wrapped with a bandage. Open bite wounds are not sutured because of the risk of infection.
Animal bites caused by carnivores (other than rodents) may infect the victim with rabies if the animal that bit them carries it. If possible, the animal is caught and the head is looked at for signs of rabies. Signs of rabies include foaming at the mouth, self-mutilation, growling, jerky behaviour, and red eyes. If the animal lives for ten days and does not develop rabies, then the animal probably isn't infected. In cases where the animal cannot be found, prophylactic rabies treatment is carried out in most places.
Snake bites.
Many of the world's snakes are not considered dangerous to humans, but even a bite from a "safe" snake may injure the victim if the wound is not treated properly, and large snakes such as constrictors are capable of causing a lot of damage with their bites.
Spider bites.
The black widow spider and some scorpions are considered dangerous to humans, mostly to small children and elderly adults. Only the Sydney funnel-web spider of Australia is frequently dangerous to adults, and it lives only within 100 miles of Sydney. Antivenins are available in the United States for black widow spiders and the dangerous scorpions native to the region.

My_Opera_Community
The My Opera Community is an online community which provides support from the Opera Browser. It also has casual social community services.
History.
The My Opera Community started in August 2001. It currently has over 1,000,000 members, who are from all over the world.
Upgrades in 2005.
In September, 2005 the My Opera Community added a some improvments. These improvements included most of the current features that are available now.

MTR
Mass Transit Railway or MTR (in Chinese, 香港鐵路有限公司, literally "Hong Kong Railway Company"; or 港鐵 for short) is the main rapid transit railway system in Hong Kong. Since the MTR service first opened in 1979, the network has grown to 150 stations.. Built and run by MTR Corporation Limited, the MTR system is a very popular mode of public transport in Hong Kong, with around 2.46 million passengers riding each day.
Paying For MTR.
The price of using MTR is very low. For example, the price of going from Tsing Yi to Causeway Bay by taxi is around HK$200. Travelling the same distance by MTR costs HK$11.80 for grown up people and HK$5.40 for young and very old people. People can buy a one way ticket or a Octopus card to enter MTR. Octopus card is a touch-less smart card.
Building MTR.
Hong Kong's growing economy caused a lot of traffic problems. Hong Kong government made a study of these problems. The first line was opened in 1979. The MTR was popular quickly with the people of Hong Kong, so later they built more lines to cover more ground. People are still arguing about how and where to expand the MTR network next.
Initial proposal.
During the 1960s, the government of Hong Kong thought they need to accommodate increasing road traffic that growing Hong Kong's economy would bring. British transport consultants Freeman, Fox, Wilbur Smith & Associates were appointed to study the transport system of Hong Kong. The consultants released the "Hong Kong Mass Transport Study" in September 1967, which proposed the construction of a mass transport underground railway system in Hong Kong.
In 1970, an underground network with four lines was laid out and planned as part of the British consultants' new report, "Hong Kong Mass Transit: Further Studies". The four lines were to be the Kwun Tong Line, Tsuen Wan Line, Island Line, and East Kowloon Line. However, the lines that were eventually constructed were somewhat different compared with the lines that were originally proposed by the "Hong Kong Mass Transport Study".
In 1972, the Hong Kong government authorised construction of the "Initial System", a 20-km system that roughly translates to the Kwun Tong Line today (except the line now extends to Tiu Keng Leng). Negotiations with four major construction consortia started in 1973. The government's intention was to tender the entire project, based on the British design, as a single tender at a fixed price. A consortium from Japan signed an agreement to construct the system in early 1974, but in December of the same year it pulled out from the agreement, stemming from fears of the Arab oil crisis.
Modified Initial System (Kwun Tong Line / Tsuen Wan Line).
Several weeks later, in early 1975, a government agency known as the Mass Transport Provisional Authority was established to take charge of the project. It announced that the Initial System would be slightly reduced to 15.6 kilometres, and renamed it the Modified Initial System. Plans for a single contract were also abandoned in favour of 25 engineering contracts and 10 electrical and mechanical contracts.
In addition, the government-owned Hong Kong Mass Transit Railway Corporation (MTRC) was established to replace the Mass Transport Provisional Authority. (This was the company succeeded by the MTR Corporation Limited on 30 June 2000)
Construction of the Modified Initial System (now part of Kwun Tong Line and Tsuen Wan Line) commenced in November 1975. After almost four years, the northern section was completed on 30 September 1979. On 1 October 1979, the northern section was opened, with trains running from Shek Kip Mei to Kwun Tong. The route from Tsim Sha Tsui to Shek Kip Mei was opened in December of the same year.
In 1980, the first harbour crossing was made by an MTR train as the Kwun Tong Line was extended even farther to Chater station, now known as Central station. To deal with increasing patronage, trains were also extended to six cars.
Tsuen Wan Line.
The government approved construction of the in 1977, then known as Tsuen Wan Extension, and works commenced in November 1978. The project added a 10.5-kilometre section to the MTR system, from Prince Edward to Tsuen Wan. The line started service on 10 May 1982 with a total cost of construction (not adjusted for inflation) at HK$4.1 billion.
When service of this line started, the section of the Kwun Tong Line from Chater to Argyle, present-day Mong Kok station, was transferred to the Tsuen Wan Line. Thus, Waterloo became the terminus of the Kwun Tong Line, and both Argyle and Prince Edward stations became interchange stations. This change was made because system planners expected traffic of the Tsuen Wan Line would exceed that of the Kwun Tong Line. This forecast proved quite accurate, necessitating a bypass from the northwestern New Territories to Hong Kong Island. Launched in 1998, the Tung Chung Line serves exactly that purpose.
Although land acquisitions were made for a station at Tsuen Wan West, the station was never built. This is not to be confused with Tsuen Wan West Station on KCR West Rail, which lies on the newly reclaimed area near the former ferry pier.
It is interesting to note that since the line's opening in 1982, this is the only line whose alignment has virtually remained the same for the past 23 years. For example, the Kwun Tong Line's alignment has changed for 2 times since its opening - the taking over of Tsuen Wan Line from Mong Kok to Central, and the taking over of Eastern Harbour Crossing section by the Tseung Kwan O Line.
Island Line.
Government approvals were granted for construction of the in December, 1980. Construction commenced in October, 1981. On 31 May 1985 the Island Line was opened with service between Admiralty and Chai Wan stations. Both Admiralty and Central stations became interchange stations with the Tsuen Wan Line. Furthermore, each train was extended to eight cars.
On 23 May 1986, service reached Sheung Wan station. Construction for this station was delayed for one year as government offices which sat on top of the station had to be removed to a new location before construction could start.
Eastern Harbour Crossing extension.
In 1984, the government approved the construction of the Eastern Harbour Crossing, a tunnel to be used by cars and MTR trains. The Kwun Tong Line was extended across the harbour to Quarry Bay, which became an interchange station for the Kwun Tong Line and the Island Line. The extension was launched on 5 August 1989. An intermediate station, Lam Tin, started operations on 1 October 1989.
Airport Express and Tung Chung Line.
The decision was made in October 1989 to construct a new international airport at Chek Lap Kok on Lantau Island to replace the overcrowded Kai Tak International Airport. The government invited the MTR to build a train line, then known as the Lantau Airport Railway, to the airport. But construction did not begin until the Chinese and British governments settled their financial and land disagreements in November 1994.
In the end, the new line was included in the financing plans of the new Hong Kong International Airport as the airport was not considered viable without direct public transport links. Construction costs were also shared by the MTR which was granted many large-scale developments in the construction plans for the new stations.
The Lantau Airport Railway turned into two MTR lines, the Tung Chung Line and the Airport Express. The was officially opened on 21 June 1998 by Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa, and service commenced the next day. The opened for service on 6 July 1998 along with the new Hong Kong International Airport.
The Airport Express line is the second most popular means of transport to the Hong Kong International Airport. In 2005, 22% of the commuters took the Airport Express to and from the airport.
Quarry Bay Congestion Relief Works.
The Quarry Bay Congestion Relief Works involved extending the Hong Kong Island end of the Kwun Tong Line from Quarry Bay to North Point via a 4.2 kilometre tunnel. The project was initiated due to overcrowding at Quarry Bay and persistent passenger complaints about the 5-minute walk from the Island Line station to the Kwun Tong Line station. Construction began in September 1997 and was completed in September 2001 at a cost of HK$3.0 billion.
Tseung Kwan O Line.
Construction of the was approved on 18 August 1998 to serve new housing developments. Construction began on 24 April 1999 and the line officially opened in 2002. It took over the train tracks running through the Eastern Harbour Tunnel from the Kwun Tong Line, and ran from Po Lam to North Point. When the line was opened, the Kwun Tong Line was diverted to Tiu Keng Leng on the new line. The Government paid part of the cost for this construction, and the money came also from private developers which linked construction of the Tseung Kwan O Line to new real estate and commercial developments. Previously under-developed areas were opened up for development with more transport options.
West Rail Interface Works.
While the construction of the Tung Chung Line was still underway, the plan for building a railway corridor to serve the northwestern New Territories was conceived. Space has been reserved for the addition of an interchange station and two extra tracks (to allow non-stop service for the Airport Express) between Olympic and Lai King. Originally known as the Airport Railway Phase 2, the contracts of the West Rail Interface Works were awarded shortly after construction works of the West Rail commenced. The project comprised Mei Foo Interchange (modification of the existing Mei Foo station on the Tsuen Wan Line to provide a pedestrian link to the West Rail Mei Foo station; Nam Cheong Station (an interchange station on the Tung Chung Line, jointly operated by the MTRC and KCRC) and 4-Tracking Works (the additional two tracks, 4 km in length, allow the Tung Chung Line trains to stop at Nam Cheong without obstructing the passage of Airport Express trains).
The Works were completed in stages. The Tung Chung Line trains have been running on the new track since mid May 2003, whereas the Mei Foo station interchange subway and the Nam Cheong station were opened at the same time the West Rail opened for public use in December 2003.
East Rail Interface Works.
Two major works have been undertaken to improve interchange between MTR and KCR East Rail. The modification of Kowloon Tong station started in June 2001. A new pedestrian link to East Rail Kowloon Tong station southern concourse and a new entrance were completed in June 2003 to cope with the increase in interchange passenger flow.
Modification to MTR Tsim Sha Tsui Station involved in upgrading station factilities and concourse layout to facilitate access from the pedestrian links of East Rail East Tsim Sha Tsui station. New entrances to the subway links were opened on 19 September 2004 (for KCR Mody Road subway) and 30 March 2005 (for Nathan Road subway, which connects to KCR Middle Road subway), with the whole scheme completed in May 2005.
Disneyland Resort Line and Asia World-Expo Extension.
, previously known as Penny's Bay Rail Link, provides service to the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort which was opened on 12 September 2005. Service to Sunny Bay station on the Tung Chung Line started on 1 June 2005. The new line and Disneyland Resort station opened for service on 1 August 2005.
This 3.5 km single-track railway is an extension of the Tung Chung Line. It runs between Sunny Bay station to Disneyland Resort station, which is designed to blend in with the Hong Kong Disneyland to create a resort ambience. The line currently operates two four-car fully-automated trains (each car accommodating up to 180 passengers) running every four to ten minutes. These carriages were converted from the existing rolling stock to suit the recreational and adventurous nature of the 3.5 minute journey.
The new Asia World-Expo station is an extension of the Airport Express to serve the new international exhibition centre, known as the AsiaWorld-Expo at Hong Kong International Airport. The station opened on 20 December 2005 to meet the opening of the exhibition centre. To cope with the projected increase in patronage, Airport Express trains has expanded from 7 cars to 8 cars. Additional trains will also be deployed on the Tung Chung line during major exhibitions and events.
MTR Corporation Limited (MTRC).
On 5 October 2000 the operator of the MTR network, MTR Corporation Limited, became Hong Kong's first privatised rail and metro company, which marked the start of the Hong Kong government's planned initiative to wind down its interests in various public utilities. Prior to its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Mass Transit Railway Coporation was wholly owned by the Hong Kong Government. The offering involved the sale of around one billion shares, and the company now has the largest shareholder base of any company listed in Hong Kong. In June, 2001, MTR Corporation Limited was transferred to Hang Seng Index.
MTR Corporation Limited has always been reliant on developing properties next to railway stations for its profits (although the rail lines are profitable themselves); many recently built stations are incorporated into large housing estates or shopping complexes. Examples of this type of construction can be seen at Tsing Yi station, which is built next to the Maritime Square shopping centre, and directly underneath the Tierra Verde housing estate.
On April 11, 2006, MTR Corporation Limited signed a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding with the Hong Kong Government, the owner of Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation (KCRC), to merge the operation of the two railway networks of Hong Kong. If eventually approved, MTR Corporation Limited will take over the operation of the KCR network and combine the fare system of the two networks.
Safety on the MTR.
Various campaigns and activities are taken to help ensure that the MTR is a safe system to travel on. Poster campaigns displaying information on topics such as escalator safety are a common sight in all MTR stations, and announcements are made regularly as safety reminders to travelling passengers.
Bylaws have been recently introduced to deter potentially dangerous actions on the MTR, such as the ban of flammable goods on the MTR and rushing into trains when the doors are closing. Penalties ranging from fines to imprisonment have been imposed for such offenses. Metallic balloons are also banned due to previous incidents on KCR and on MTR's Island Line where a metallic balloon interfered with the operation of the overhead power lines.
Police officers patrol on trains and stations, and police posts are available at some stations. The Hong Kong Police Force has a Railway District responsible for the MTR and the KCR. Closed-circuit television cameras are installed in stations.
Tung Chung Line, the Airport Express and Tseung Kwan O Line, except Quarry Bay station, had platform screen doors (PSDs) installed upon construction. These doors prevent people from falling onto the rails, and MTRC allowed the assumption that this implementation was primarily a safety campaign, without heavily promoting it directly. In fact, the primary motivation was to separate the stations from the tunnels, hence allowing substantial energy savings on station air-conditioning and tunnel ventilation. Automatic platform gates (APGs) have also been installed at the Sunny Bay and Disneyland Resort stations. Their heights are half of the PSDs and only prevent people from falling onto the rails.
In June 2000, The MTR Corporation proceeded with its plans to retrofit 2,960 pairs of platform screen doors at all 30 underground stations on the Kwun Tong Line, Tsuen Wan Line, and Island Line in a six year programme. The programme made MTR the world's first railway to undertake the retrofitting of PSDs on a passenger-carrying system already in operation. A prototype design was first introduced at Choi Hung station in the 3rd quarter of 2001. HK$0.10 per passenger trip was levied on Octopus card users to help fund the HK$2 billion retrofit programme. The whole installation scheme was completed in October 2005. The original completion year was 2006. The MTR Corporation said that part of the cost had to be assumed by passengers.
Station facilities, amenities and services.
With the high level of daily passenger traffic, facilities of MTR stations are built with durability and accessibility in mind. The elevators and escalators in stations are heavy duty, with the elevators installed by Otis Elevator Company/Fujitec and the escalators installed by Constructions Industrielles de la Mediterranée and Otis Elevator Company.
After extensive retrofits, the MTR system has become, in general, disabled-friendly — the trains have dedicated wheelchair space, the stations have special floor tiles to guide the blind safely on the platforms, and there are extra wide entry and exit gates for wheelchairs as well.
Unlike many other metro systems around the world, "main line" MTR stations do not have toilet facilities, although their installation has been contemplated. Only stations on the Airport Express and Disneyland Resort Line have access to toilet facilities.
Interchange stations.
The MTR network is unique in its arrangement of interchange stations. Interchange stations between the Island, Tsuen Wan, Kwun Tong and Tseung Kwan O lines are arranged in pairs; such an arrangement allows cross-platform interchange wherein a passenger leaves a train on one side of the platform and boards trains on the other side of the platform for another line.
Most of those stations make use of a cross-platform interchange system, where the commuter can change to another line on the opposite platform. For example, when a person is travelling on the Kwun Tong Line towards Tiu Keng Leng, getting off at Yau Tong would allow him to change trains across the platform for the Tseung Kwan O Line towards North Point. Whereas, staying on the train and reaching Tiu Keng Leng would allow you to change trains for the Tseung Kwan O Line towards Po Lam.
This not only makes it more convenient for passengers, it also reduces the amount of traffic per station. Riders are made aware of the closest connection point by way of in-train visual and auditory messages. Although riders can disregard these tips, the design of the stations are for the convenience of passengers.
Telecommunications network coverage.
A full GSM (GSM-900 and GSM-1800), CDMA and TDMA mobile phone network is in place through out the MTR system of stations and tunnels. Passengers can stay connected underground.
Currently, full 3G network coverage in all stations and tunnels (except West Rail Line) for the MTR system has been provided by 3 Hong Kong, SmarTone-Vodafone and PCCW Mobile. Passengers with subscription services will be able to make video calls and access high speed video content on their mobile phones regardless whether the train is above ground or under ground.
Shops and other services.
Apart from retailers, there are also dentists and medical clinics, drycleaners, and florists along the Tseung Kwan O Line. Standard services include payphones, vending machines (Coca-Cola only), and self-service photo-booths.
Free magazines and newspapers.
"Recruit" was the first free magazine which was solely distributed in MTR stations since July 1992. However, in July 2002, the contract between the magazine and MTR was terminated. Another recruitment magazine "Jiu Jik" (招職), published by "South China Morning Post", replaced "Recruit" as the only free recruitment magazine distributed in MTR stations on every Tuesdays and Fridays.
At the same time, there was another entertainment magazine "Hui Kai Guide" (去街 Guide). However, it is no longer distributed in MTR stations since 2006.
The "Metropolis Daily" (都市日報), published by Metro International, is the first free newspaper distributed free in MTR stations from Monday to Friday (except public holidays); and in 2005, there is another weekend newspaper "Express Post" (快線周報), distributed every Saturday except public holidays.
The "Metropop" (都市流行), also published by Metro International, started its distribution in MTR stations every Thursdays since April 27 2006, few months after the termination of "Hui Kai Guide". It is a weekly magazine featuring cultural affairs and city trends.
Extra services for Airport Express.
The Airport Express also offer value-added services to travellers on the line. Toilets and check-in facilities are available at every station on the line. A free Airport Express shuttle bus service transports travellers from stations to their respective hotels as well. Flight passengers can even have in-town check-in at the station, which offers a more convenient and time-saving routine.
Fares and tickets.
As of January 2005, there are two different fare classes on the MTR: Adult and concessionary. Only children below the age of 12, senior citizens 65 years or older, or full-time Hong Kong students between the ages of 12 and 25 qualify for the concessionary rate. Children below the age of 3 travel free.
Similar to some other metro systems in the world, the fare payable by a passenger depends on the approximate distance travelled. However, taking any particular station as the origin, the other stations fall into fare "zones" depending on the distance from the origin. The fare to all stations in a "zone" is the same and increases with distance, especially if the journey involves a harbour crossing. Adult fares range from HK$3.80 to $26.00. Concessionary fares are usually half the adult fare, and range from HK$2.40 to $13.00. Fares for the Airport Express Line are significantly higher.
Octopus cards.
The Octopus card is a rechargeable contactless smart card used in an electronic payment system in Hong Kong. It was launched in September 1997 for use on both the MTR and the KCR and now is the most widely used electronic cash system for transactions in Hong Kong as many retailers are fitted with readers.
The Octopus card uses radio frequency identification (RFID) technology so that users need only hold the card in front of the reader. Physical contact is not required, and the card need not even be taken out because the reader can penetrate through material. This fare collection system has been so popular that many cities such as Singapore, London, Chicago, and Taipei have adopted the idea, launching their own version of smart cards, respectively named EZ-link, Oyster card, and EasyCard.
Except for the Airport Express, MTR fares are slightly lower when using an Octopus card compared to using single journey tickets. For example, the cost of the 3-minute journey from Admiralty to Tsim Sha Tsui across the Victoria Harbour is (as of 2005) HK$7.9 using the Octopus card, compared with HK$9.0 for a single-journey ticket.
Tourist pass.
Two types of tourist passes are available: one allows unlimited rides for a single day (at HK$50), while the other allows three days of unlimited rides on the MTR, with a stored value of HK$20, refundable deposit of HK$50 and choice of either a single (HK$220) or return (HK$300) trip on the Airport Express.
Tourists are required to produce proof of tourist status, (e.g. passports or, in the case of Mainland travellers, entry permits) when purchasing the pass, and whenever requested by a ticket inspector during spot-checks.
Other fares.
The magnetic fare card system is used for single journey tickets. These tickets are pre-paid for between pre-determined stations, and are good for only one trip. There are no return tickets, except on the Airport Express.
Fares for the Airport Express are substantially different from main line fares. Apart from single tickets, same-day return tickets (same price as a single), and one-month return tickets are also available.
A one-day pass can be used to unlimited travel to/from Hong Kong Disneyland within the same day, and costs HK$50. This pass can be purchased from any MTR Customer Service Centres or Airport Express Customer Service Centres.
MTR rolling stock.
Four variations of rolling stock operate on the MTR on 1.5kV DC overhead electrification. All trains are electric multiple units (EMUs), equipped with ATC and ATP, operating on 1432 mm rail gauge. Except for the rolling stock of the Airport Express, all trains are designed with features to cope with high density passenger traffic on stopping services. Examples are the latitudinal seating arrangement, additional ventilation fans and 5 doors on each side per car.
The Tung Chung Line and the Airport Express use dedicated rolling stock designs specified to their respective lines. Initially run in 7-car formations, they have now been lengthened to eight cars. These two variations are built jointly by Adtranz (now Bombardier Transportations) and Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles between 1994–97.
The other lines are operated using a mixture of the other two variations, known as the "M-Train" and the "K-Stock". The "M-Stock" (or CM-Stock") of "M-Train" are the oldest trains on the MTR, built originally by Metro Cammell (now Alstom) and refurbished by United Goninan. The "M-Train" is the only variation that uses sliding doors, as opposed to others which use plug-doors. The "K-Stock" are built jointly by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and ROTEM, and a further order of 32 cars is due to be in service on the Tung Chung Line by 2007.
The Disneyland Resort Line uses driverless "M-Trains" with their appearance overhauled to suit the atmosphere and theme of the line. Windows on each carriage and the handrails inside are made into the shape of Mickey Mouse's head, and there are bronze-made Disney characters decorating the interior of the carriages.
Depots.
Depots are located at Kowloon Bay (for Kwun Tong Line), Tsuen Wan (for Tsuen Wan Line), Heng Fa Chuen (for Island Line), and Dream City (for Tseung Kwan O Line). Tung Chung Line, Airport Express, and Disneyland Resort Line trains are serviced at Siu Ho Wan between Tung Chung and Sunny Bay.
Art promotion.
With the objective "not only bring MTR passengers more time for life, but also more time for art", the "Art in MTR" Initiative has been a success since its reception in 1998, where the Airport Express Artwork Programme was the pioneer project. Thereafter, live performances, art exhibitions, display of artwork by established and emerging artists, students and young children have been brought into the MTR stations. MTR Corporation Limited have even made art part of the station architecture when building new stations or renovating existing ones. Artworks are exhibited in different forms on the network, including "arttube", open art gallery, community art galleries, roving art, living art, and art in station architecture.
By incorporating elements of art into the railway network, the travelling environment for the passengers is not only enhanced, but also makes their journeys even more pleasant and enjoyable. Moreover, with MTR stations being an integral part of the neighbourhood, the programme also provides opportunities to promote Hong Kong's community art, encourage art appreciation among the public and give residents a feeling of home at the stations.
The future.
MTR Corporation Limited has suggested several future projects to the Hong Kong Government, with some already being built. The network is also set to grow quite much when MTR Corporation Limited joins with the government-owned Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation (KCRC), with the non-binding "Memorandum of Understanding" agreement signed on 11 April 2006 to give MTR Corporation control of the KCR network for 50 years. The new Sha Tin to Central Link that was first given to KCRC would now also be run by MTR Corporation Limited, which will run from Tai Wai Station in Tai Wai to Central.
It has also been suggested to improve parts of MTR that are running now. Airport Station on the Airport Express will have a new platform to serve passengers flying out of Hong Kong International Airport's Skyplaza. New subway links to the stations are also being made, and it has been proposed to lengthen the Tseung Kwan O Line with a branch line to Tseung Kwan O South, and the Kwun Tong Line as far as Whampoa Garden, also linking with the Sha Tin to Central Link expansion.
The West Island Line and South Island Line, first suggested to the government by MTR on 21 January 2003, was finally accepted on 30 June 2005. It was made up of the West Island Line that took the Island Line to Kennedy Town, and the South Island Line (East section) from Admiralty to Ap Lei Chau and South Island Line (West section) that connects the other two lines. This is being talked about now and the whole longer line should be finished and running by 2012.

Ottonian_dynasty
Ottonian dynasty was a dynasty of kings of Germany, named after its first emperor Otto I the Great. But it is also known as the Saxon dynasty after the origin of this family of noblemen. The family itself is also sometimes known as the Liudolfings, after its earliest known member "Liudolf" and one of its most common names. The Ottonian rulers are also regarded as the first dynasty of the Holy Roman Empire, as successors of the Carolingian dynasty and Charlemagne, who is commonly viewed as the original founder of a new (Frankish) Roman Empire.
Although he was never Emperor, Henry I the Fowler, Duke of Saxony, was the founder of this imperial dynasty, since his election as German king made it possible for his son, Otto the Great to take on the imperium. Since Otto I most of the German kings were also crowned Holy Roman Emperor. Under the reign of the Ottonian rulers, the kingdom of the Eastern Franks finally became Germany as the duchies of Lorraine, Saxony, Franconia, Swabia, Thuringia and Bavaria joined in one empire.
After the end of the Ottonian dynasty (with the death of Henry II in 1024) the crown passed to the Salian dynasty. Luitgard, a daughter of Emperor Otto I had married the Salian Duke Conrad the Red of Lorraine. His great-grandson was Conrad II, Holy Roman Emperor.

Dissident
A dissident is a person who does not agree with an opinion, policy, or structure. There are also other types of dissidents like social dissidents who do not agree with popular social attitudes.

Kayak
A kayak is a small boat that is driven by manpower. It typically has a covered deck, and a cockpit covered by a spraydeck. It is propelled by a double-bladed paddle by a sitting paddler. The kayak was used by the native Ainu, Aleut and Eskimo hunters in sub-Arctic regions of northeastern Asia, North America and Greenland. Modern kayaks come in a wide variety of designs and materials for specialized purposes.
Kayaks typically are build for one, two or occasionally three paddlers who sit facing forward in one or more cockpits below the deck of the boat. The spray skirt or similar waterproof garment attaches securely to the edges of the cockpit, that no water from waves or spray may enter the boat. Therefore in most styles the boat can roll upright again without it filling with water or ejecting the paddler.
Kayaks differ distinctly in design and history from canoes, which are more flat-bottomed boats propelled by single-bladed paddles by a kneeling paddler, although some modern canoes may be difficult for a non-expert to distinguish from a kayak. Kayaks are often called canoes in Great Britain and Ireland.

Trunk_(botany)
The trunk is the main body of the tree. In terms of botany it means the main structural member of a tree that is directly connected to the roots and which supports the branches. The trunk is also often called the bole. The trunk is covered by the bark, which protects the tree against damage and often differs markedly from the bottom of the trunk to the top, depending on the species. The trunk, or bole, is the most important part of the tree for timber production.

Swimsuit
A swimsuit (also "swimmers"), bathing suit (also "bathers"), aqua jammies or swimming costume (sometimes shortened to "cozzie") is clothing designed to be worn for swimming.
Swimming trunks are a pair of shorts or briefs worn for swimming or bathing.
In New Zealand English and some areas of Australian English, swimsuits are usually called togs. This term is less common in other parts of the Commonwealth where it can also refer to clothes in general. Swimsuits can be skin-tight or loosely fitting and range from garments designed to preserve as much modesty as possible to garments designed to reveal as much of the body as possible without actual nudity. They are often lined with a fabric that prevents them from becoming transparent when wet.

Pomegranate
The Pomegranate ("Punica Granatum") is a fruit. It has seeds that are covered in red jelly
The pomegranate was first known in Iran to the Himalayas in northern India and has been spread over the whole Mediterranean region including Armenia since ancient times. Its Hindi name is "anar".

High_School_Musical
"High School Musical" is a 2006 Disney television movie movie, starring Zac Efron, Vanessa Anne Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Corbin Bleu, Monique Coleman and Lucas Grabeel. Its sequel is "High School Musical 2."
The story is about two high school students, Troy Bolton, who is captain of his school's basketball team, and Gabriella Montez, a shy new student who is good in mathematics and science. Together, they try out for the lead parts in their high school musical. Despite other students' attempts to foil their dreams, Troy and Gabriella persist and inspire others along the way. They also make new friends.

Killamery
Killamery is a village in Kilkenny, Ireland. It was the site of a monastery which was built in about 632 and has a High Cross.

Snowflake
Snowflakes are small ice crystals that fall from the sky, forming snow. Snowflakes come in different shapes and sizes. All snowflakes have six points.

Dryas_(plant)
Dryas or Mountain Avens is a type of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae.

Silly_Putty
Silly Putty (originally called nutty putty) is a silicone plastic "clay", sold as a toy for children by "Binney & Smith Inc.". It was created as a scientific accident when scientists in the United States were trying to find a replacement for rubber during World War II.
Description.
Silly Putty is sold as a 0.47 oz (13 g) piece of plastic clay inside an egg-shaped plastic container. It is an example of an inorganic plastic (polymer). It has many unusual characteristics. When pressed on comics or other newspaper pages, the loose ink transfers to the Silly Putty, which is then able to be stretched out. It bounces, showing its rubber qualities. It breaks when you give it a sharp blow. It can flow like a liquid when it is slowly stretched and will "melt" into a puddle over a long enough period of time.

Software_versioning
Software Versioning is a way to tell the different states of Computer software apart. Computer software has different states in its development process. Each state in the process is given a unique Version. Versions are either names, dates, or they can be done as some other form of numbering. Sometimes these states are also called "revisions".
Many times, after a program has been made, things called "patches" can be downloaded from the program's website. The patches will make small changes or fixes to the main program. When a patch is used, the program is advanced to the next version. For example, a computer game is first at version 1.0 when it is released. Later, the player may download a patch, which changes the game to version 1.1, 1.01, or something similar to that.

Elderberry
Elder or Elderberry is the name of a several similar types of shrubs. They produce fruit. The fruit is also called elderberries.

The_Offspring_(album)
"The Offspring" is the debut album by the band of the same title. It was originally on vinyl in 1989 under the label Nemesis Records and it was re-released on CD in 1995 on Epitaph Records.

Spruce
Spruce are trees of the genus "Picea", a genus of about 35 species of coniferous evergreen trees in the Family Pinaceae, found in the northern temperate and taiga regions of the earth.
Spruces are large trees, from 20–60 (–95) m tall when mature, and can be distinguished by their conical form and their needles, that are attached singly to the branches in a spiral fashion. The needles are shed when 4–10 years old.

Binomial_nomenclature
In biology, binomial nomenclature is how species are called. As the word "binomial" suggests, the name of a species is made by using two words: the genus name and the species description. Binomial nomenclature means "two-name description".
History.
The person who created this system for use was Swedish botanist and physician Carolus Linnaeus (1707–1778) who tried to find names for all things in the natural world and gave every species (mineral, vegetable or animal) a two-part name. This kind of naming had been used before Linnaeus, but before Linnaeus, hardly anybody used binomial nomenclature. After Linnaeus, almost everybody did.
Value of binomial nomenclature.
The value of the binomial nomenclature is that it is easy to identify species with just two words. Also, those two words can be used all over the world, in all languages, and the name does not change based on country or time.
Rules of nomenclature.
Many rules have been made to make binomial nomenclature more easy to understand and use. There are now several codes and books full of information on how to organize these names.
There is still discussion between scientists on how to improve binomial nomenclature.
Where names come from.
The names may come from any source whatsoever. Often they are Latin words, but they may also come from Ancient Greek, from a place, from a person, a name from a local language, etc. In fact, the people who come up with these names sometime use specific descriptors from a variety of sources, including jokes and puns.
The names are always treated grammatically as if they were a Latin sentence. This is why the name of a species is sometimes called its "Latin name," but scientists like calling these names scientific names.
The genus name must be unique inside each group of life. Species names are reused, and are sometimes given a third name which is a noun.

Binary_star
A binary star is a pair of two stars which orbit around each other. For each star, the other is its "companion star". Many stars are part of a system of two or more stars. Binary stars are important in astrophysics because looking at their orbits allows scientists to find out their masses. This information can be used to learn the masses of individual stars.
Binary stars are not the same as double stars, which look close together but are not connected by gravity, and may actually be far apart in space. Some binary stars can be seen as two separate stars by someone with good eyesight—Mizar and Alcor in the handle of the Big Dipper (called "The Plough" in some countries) are an example of what is called a "visual binary". Other binary stars are so close together that instruments must be used to tell them apart. One way to tell binary stars and double stars apart is to watch them for a long period of time. Over a few decades of observation, true binary stars can be seen to move around each other, but double stars always keep their same position.
Some stars appear to be in orbit around empty space, and appear not to have a companion. In this case, the companion star is either very small and faint, or it is a neutron star or even a black hole. The best-known example of a star with an invisible companion is Cygnus X-1, in which the visible star's companion appears to be a black hole.
Visual binaries.
A "visual binary" star is one for which the separation of the two stars can be seen with a telescope. The brighter star is the "primary" and the fainter star is the "secondary". Visual binaries take a long time to orbit one another, in the area of hundreds or even thousands of years
Spectroscopic binaries.
A "spectroscopic" binary is one in which the two stars cannot be seen separately even with a telescope. They are very close together and move around each other very quickly, over a period of a few weeks or even a few days. However, they can be seen to be two separate stars by using a spectroscope, which is able to record the Doppler change in the color of the light sent out by stars moving quickly toward or away from the Earth.
Eclipsing binaries.
Some spectroscopic binaries have an orbit that is edge-on to Earth. When this happens, the stars will take turns passing in front of and eclipsing the partner star, in what is called an "eclipsing binary". In this case, the amount of light we see from the double dims slightly during the time one star is in front of the other.
Astrometric binaries.
An "astrometric binary" is one where only one companion can be seen. For astrometric binaries fairly near the Earth (up to about 10 parsecs), it may be possible to see the visible companion "wobble" as it moves around its invisible companion. By making measurements over a long period of time, it may be possible to calculate the mass of the visible star and how long its orbit takes. This method is also used to detect the presence of large planets orbiting a star; as of 2007, over two hundred planets have been discovered in this way.
Detached binaries.
Most binaries are "detached binaries". Except for their gravitational pull on one another, they have no effect on each other.
Semidetached and contact binaries.
Some binaries are so close to one another that one or both stars is able to pull material from the other. They may share the same stellar atmosphere, and as friction slows them down over a long period, they may merge into one star.
Formation.
Though it could be possible that binary stars may form when one star passes very close to another, it is highly unlikely (since it would actually take three stars close to one another before two could join), and would occur only in places where stars are densely packed together. Our present understanding is that almost all binaries are formed together in the dense gas clouds where stars are born.
Runaways and novae.
It is possible (though not likely) that a passing star will disrupt a binary system and provide enough gravitational force to split the binary. Such separated stars go on to live lives as ordinary single stars. Sometimes, though, enough gravitational force is involved that the two companions speed away from each other at great speeds, resulting in what is known as "runaway" stars.
Sometimes a star is in orbit around a white dwarf star. If it is large enough and close enough to the white dwarf, the dwarf may suck gasses from its companion's atmosphere. Over a period of time, a great deal of gas may collect on the white dwarf. As this gas is compacted by the white dwarf's gravity, it will eventually undergo nuclear fusion, resulting in a very bright outburst of light, known as a "nova". In some cases, the white dwarf may gather so much gas that the explosion completely destroys it, in what is called a "supernova". Such an event may also result in runaway stars, as the larger star no longer has a heavy companion which keeps it in orbit.

Tropical_climate
A tropical climate is a type of climate typical in the tropics. It is a damp climate in which all twelve months have mean temperatures above 18°C (64.4 °F).
Tropical Climates have almost continuous rainfall throughout the year, usually in the afternoon.

Muon
The Muon is an elementary particle. It has a negative electric charge and half spin.
The Muon has a life time of 2.2 microseconds or 0.0000022 seconds.
A muon is like an electron but it is bigger.
How are muons made?
Muons are made in particle accelarators.
1. The photons in the cosmic rays crash into air atoms.
2. Pions are made in the crash
3. The pions decay into neutrinos and muons.

Aspirin
Aspirin is a drug. It has many uses, but is most commonly used against minor pains, against fever or inflammation. It also has an antiplatelet effect - it reduces the number of platelets in the blood. In that function it is used to prevent heart attacks and cancer. The drug is also known as acetylsalicylic acid.
The brand name is trademarked by the German firm Bayer.

Frequency_modulation
Frequency Modulation (usually shortened to FM) is a way of broadcasting radio signals. The sound quality of FM signals is higher than that of amplitude modulation (AM) signals. However, FM signals do not travel as far as AM.
Many radio stations send out both kinds of signals, reserving AM for talk shows, and FM for music. In addition, FM is usually sent as two signals (with one signal's frequency a little lower than the other), which can come to two different speakers in a home. This creates FM stereo.

Pitch_(music)
In music the pitch of a note means how high or low a note is.
The pitch of a note can be measured in a unit called Hertz. A note that is vibrating at 256 Hz will be caused by sound waves that vibrate at 256 times a second. This will be Middle C on the piano.
Not all musical instruments give notes of a particular pitch. Many percussion instruments like drums, triangles and cymbals are instruments used for rhythms. They do not play tunes because they have no definite pitch (although often a definite pitch can just be heard when listening carefully.)
Some musicians have a sense of absolute pitch or perfect pitch. This means that they always know what note is being played, even without comparing it to another note. Having a sense of absolute pitch does not necessarily make someone a good musician, although it can be very useful.

Microorganism
A microorganism or "microbe" is a living thing (organism) that is too small to be visible to the human eye (microscopic). The study of microorganisms is called microbiology. Microorganisms can be bacteria, fungi, archaea or protists.
Viruses and prions are not called microorganisms because they are classified as non-living. Micro-organisms are often described as single-celled, or unicellular organisms, but there are unicellular protists that are visible to the human eye, and some multicellular species are microscopic.
Microorganisms live almost everywhere on earth where there is liquid water, including hot springs on the ocean floor and deep inside rocks within the earth's crust.
Microorganisms are critical to nutriend recycling in ecosystems as they act as decomposers. As some mictoorganisms can also fix nitrogen, they are an important part of the nitrogen cycle. However, pathogenic microbes can invade other organisms and therefore cause disease.

Modena
Modena is a city in Northern Italy.

Edward_the_Martyr
King Edward the Martyr or Eadweard II (c. 962 – March 18, 978/979) followed his father Edgar as King of England in 975, but was murdered after a reign of only a few years.
He was declared a holy martyr that means canonised as "Saint Edward the Martyr" in 1001. That seemed fair as Edward was thought to be a good Christian and it was thought that the murderers were "irreligious" men.
Motive and details of his murder.
Edward's stepmother, Queen Elfrida was against his accession to the throne as she wished her son, Ethelred, to become king instead. But Edward was supported by more people - including St Dunstan - and was confirmed by the Witan.
King Edward was said to be "a young man of great devotion and excellent conduct. He was completely Orthodox, good and of holy life. Moreover, he loved above all things God and the Church. He was generous to the poor, a haven to the good, a champion of the Faith of Christ, a vessel full of every virtuous grace."
On King Edward's accession to the throne there was a great famine in the land and violent attacks were stirred up against monasteries by a prominent noblemen who wanted the lands which his father King Edgar had endowed to them. Many of these monasteries were destroyed, and the monks forced to flee. But the King stood firm together with archbishop Dunstan to defend the Church and the monasteries. For this, some of the nobles decided to remove him and replace him with his younger brother Ethelred.
"Edward was treasonably slain by his own family... it is reported that his stepmother, that is the mother of King Ethelred, stabbed him with a dagger while she was in the act of offering him a cup to drink."
History of his relics.
The story of the relics of St Edward began at the moment of his death (martyrdom). Immediately following the murder, the body of the murdered king slipped from the saddle of his horse and was dragged with one foot in the stirrup until it fell into a stream at the base of the hill upon which Corfe Castle stands (From that time people thought that the stream had healing properties - particularly for the blind). The queen then ordered that the body be quickly hidden in a hut nearby. Within the hut however, there lived a woman blind from birth whom the queen supported out of charity. During the night, a wonderful light appeared and filled the whole hut and struck with awe, the woman cried out: "Lord, have mercy!" and suddenly received her sight. At this she discovered the dead body of the king. The church of St. Edward at Corfe Castle now stands on the site of this miracle. At dawn the queen learned of the miracle and was troubled and again ordered the disposal of the body, this time by burying it in a marshy place near Wareham. But a year after the murder a column of fire was seen over the place where the body was hidden, lighting up the whole area. This was seen by some of the inhabitants of Wareham, who raised the body. Immediately a clear spring of healing water sprang up in that place. Accompanied by what was now a huge crowd of mourners, the body was taken to the church of the Most Holy Mother of God in Wareham and buried at the east end of the church. This took place on February 13, 980.
Because of a series of following miracles, the relics were brought to the abbey at Shaftesbury. When the relics were taken up from the grave, they were found to be whole and not destroyed. The transport of the relics was done in a great procession on February 13, 981 and arrived at Shaftesbury seven days later. There the relics were received by the nuns of Shaftesbury Abbey and were buried with full royal honours on the north side of the altar. On the way from Wareham to Shaftesbury, a further miracle had also taken place; two crippled men were brought close to the bier and those carrying it lowered the body to their level, and the cripples regained full health at once. (This procession and these events were re-enacted 1000 years later in 1981). In 1001 the tomb in which the saint lay was said regularly to rise from the ground. King Ethelred was filled with joy at this and instructed the bishops to raise his brother's tomb from the ground and place it into a more fitting place. As the tomb was opened a wonderful fragrance issued from it - such that all present "thought that they were standing in Paradise". The bishops then took away the sacred relics from the tomb, and placed them in a casket in the holy place of the Saints together with other holy relics. This elevation of the relics of St. Edward took place on June 20, 1001.
St. Edward was officially glorified by the All-English Council of 1008, presided over by St. Alphege, archbishop of Canterbury (who was later also martyred by the Danes in 1012). King Ethelred ordered that the saint's three feast days (March 18, February 13 and June 20) should be celebrated throughout England. Shaftesbury Abbey was rededicated to the Mother of God and St. Edward. Shaftesbury was apparently renamed "Edwardstowe", only reverting to its original name after the Reformation. Many miracles were recorded at the tomb of St. Edward, including the healing of lepers and the blind.
During the sixteenth century, under King Henry VIII, monasteries were dissolved and many holy places were demolished, but St. Edward's remains were hidden so as to avoid desecration. In 1931, the relics were recovered by Mr. Wilson-Claridge during an archaeological excavation; their identity was confirmed by Dr. T.E.A. Stowell, an osteologist. In 1970, examinations performed on the relics suggested that the young man had been knifed in the back whilst riding his horse and had then been dragged along the ground by the terrified animal with his foot caught in a stirrup. In about 1982, Mr. Wilson-Claridge donated the relics to the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia, which placed them in a church in Brookwood Cemetery, in Woking, Surrey. The St. Edward Brotherhood of monks was organized there as well. The church is now named St Edward the Martyr Orthodox Church. Orthodox Christians recognize Edward and other Westerners whose sainthood was declared before the formal split between Orthodox and Catholics in the 11th century.

Spencer_Perceval
Spencer Perceval (November 1, 1762 – May 11, 1812) was a British statesman and Prime Minister. He is the only British Prime Minister to have been assassinated (shot dead).
Perceval was the seventh son of John Perceval, 2nd Earl of Egmont by his second wife. His father, a close friend of Frederick, Prince of Wales and King George III, had served in the Cabinet as First Lord of the Admiralty, but died when Perceval was ten.
Perceval was Prime Minister when William Wilberforce passed his Bill (law) ending the slave trade.
The Orders in Council against trade which Perceval had written in 1807 became unpopular. In the winter of 1811 the Luddite riots started. They were also a cause of the War of 1812 with the United States of America. Perceval was forced to have an inquiry by the House of Commons. On May 11, 1812, Perceval was on his way to attend the inquiry. In the lobby of the House of Commons he was was shot through the heart John Bellingham. Perceval's body lay in 10 Downing Street for five days before burial. Bellingham gave himself up straight away. Tried for murder, he was found guilty and hanged a week later.
Perceval is buried at St Luke's Church in Charlton, south-east London.

Nelson_Rockefeller
Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller (July 8, 1908 – January 26, 1979) was an American politician and businessman. He was from one of the richest and most powerful families in the United States, The Rockefellers. He was Governor of New York from 1959 to 1973. He tried many times to become President of the United States. The closest he came to being President was being chosen as Vice-President in 1974 under Gerald Ford.

Municipalities_of_the_canton_of_Vaud
This is a list of articles in the canton of Vaud Switzerland. It includes municipalitiess that merged with others. The capital of each district is in bold type.

Ui_Miyazaki
is a female Japanese voice actor from Tokyo, Japan.

Flainval
Flainval is a town in France. It is near Dombasle-sur-Meurthe.

List_of_U.S._state_mottos
Here is a list of state mottos for the states of the United States. To help tourism, states can also make state slogans. State slogans are not official and change more often than state mottos. Here is a list of U.S. state slogans and a list of U.S. state nicknames.
Mottos for countries are listed here.

The_Good,_the_Bad_and_the_Ugly
"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" (1966) is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood. It is the third and final movie in the Dollars trilogy and was released in the United States in 1967. The first movie in the trilogy is "A Fistful of Dollars"; the second is "For a Few Dollars More".

Yun_Poson
Yun Bo-seon (August 26, 1897 – July 18, 1990) was the President of South Korea from 1960 to 1962.
He was born in Asan, South Chungcheong province, Yun graduated from the University of Edinburgh in 1930. He entered politics after Japanese occupation ended in 1945, with Syngman Rhee being his mentor. In 1948, Yun was made mayor of Seoul by Rhee. A year later, he was made the Minister of Commerce and Industry. Soon, he started to disagree with Rhee's authoritarian policies. He then served as president of the Red Cross Society, before being elected to the National Assembly in 1954. A year later, he founded the opposition Democratic Party along with several others.
After Rhee's government was ousted by a student-led pro-democracy uprising, Yun was elected president on August 13, 1960. He was merely a figurehead, as South Korea had switched to a parliamentary system in response to the authoritarian excesses of Rhee's regime. After Park Chung Hee's coup in 1961, he stayed on briefly to provide legitimacy to the regime, but resigned on March 22, 1962. He opposed Park's authoritarian rule and ran for president twice in 1963 and 1967, losing each time. After receiving suspended sentences several times for anti-government activities, Yun retired from politics in 1980 and focused primarily on cultural activities until his death from diabetes and high blood pressure. He died in 1990.

Lord
A Lord (Laird in some Scottish contexts) is a person who has power and authority. Women will usually (but not universally) take the title 'Lady' instead of Laird or Lord. But there is an example of a female Lord: "Lord of Mann", the ruler of the Isle of Man.
The word actually comes from the Old English forms for "loaf" (bread) and "ward" (used to mean "protector", although today it means "one who is protected"). So a "lord" or "loaf ward" was originally "the one who protected the loaf".
In a religious context, The Lord means God, mainly by the Abrahamic religions (Judaism, Islam, and Christianity).

Conjoined_twins
Conjoined twins are twins whose bodies are joined together at birth. This happens where the zygote of identical twins fails to completely separate. Conjoined twins occur in an estimated one in 200,000 births, and approximately half are stillborn. The overall survival rate for conjoined twins is between 5% and 25%. Conjoined twins are more likely to be female (70-75%).

Attack
Attack is the threat to violate or destroy something. In military affairs it means the armed action to force one's own will over the opponents will, by means of destruction of the army of the enemy. The most important characteristics of an attack in comparison with all other types of combat and actions is the initiative.
See also.
Charge (warfare)

Fireworks_display
A fireworks event (also called a fireworks display or fireworks show) is a spectacular display of the effects created by firework devices on various occasions. Fireworks events are often used during holidays. Fireworks competitions are also regularly held at a number of places.
History.
Fireworks originated in China (206 BC–AD 220) and produced the loud sound (known as Chinese: "Bian pao") that was intended to frighten evil spirits. In the Northern and Southern Dynasties (AD 420–581) the firecrackers were used not only to keep evil away but also to pray for happiness and prosperity.

Firework
A firework is an explosive pyrotechnic device that is used mostly for entertainment. The most common use of a firework is as part of a fireworks display.
Fireworks (devices) are made to have these four effects: They make noise, light, smoke, and sometimes produce floating materials (confetti for example). They may be designed to burn with colored flames and sparks. Displays are common throughout the world and are a main point of many different cultural and religious celebrations. Independence Day and New Year's Eve are examples.

Pension
A pension is a steady income given to someone. If pensions are part of a system of social security, the recipient of the pension is usually retired or disabled. They either have worked a long time during their life, or they are physically unable to do so. A pension is usually paid until a certain date (or event) occurs. In the case of social security plans, pensions are usually linked to the life of the person who receives the pension.

Great_Chilean_Earthquake
The Great Chilean Earthquake or Valdivian Earthquake is the most powerful earthquake ever recorded. It happened in the early afternoon (19:11 UTC) of May 22, 1960. It had a 9.5 rating on the Moment magnitude scale. The earthquake affected southern Chile, Hawaii, Japan, the Philippines, and the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.
Its epicenter was Valdivia, Chile. The earthquake caused tsunamis that damaged the coast of Chili very badly. There were waves up to 25 meters. The main tsunami raced across the Pacific Ocean and caused great damage to Hilo, Hawaii. Waves as high as 10.7 meters (about 35 feet) were recorded 10,000 kilometers from where the earthquake started. These waves traveled as far away as Japan and the Philippines.
The total number of deaths from the earthquake and tsunami was believed to be 6,000. The damage was estimated at over half a billion dollars.

Land_(economics)
In economics, land means all natural resources that cannot be produced in a larger quantity if prices go up, such as geographical locations and mineral deposits.
In classical economics it is considered one of three factors of production, the other two being capital and labor; income that one gets because of ownership or control of natural resources is often referred to as rent.

Widescreen
Widescreen is a video format often used in movies. It is also becoming very popular for television and other things like Computer monitors.
Widescreen is often used as it let more of an image to be seen on the screen.
Widescreen is often used as a nickname for the 16:9 aspect ratio of television screens. This means that if the television screen was sixteen inches wide it would have to be nine inches tall. A "regular" television's screen would be 4:3 which means if it was four inches wide it would have to be three inches tall. In adition to these small screens, a screen could be any size with the same ratio. For example, a screen could be 32 inches wide and 18 inches tall and still be considered widescreen.

Laptop
"Laptop" is a computer which is easy to carry around. Its user can fold the laptop up and be able to take it with him/her. The laptop was created mainly for this particular reason. In order to develop a laptop a computer technology was taken and then scaled to smaller size.
History.
The first portable computer was built on February 29, 1969. This is because the first laptop did not look the same as we know it today. It could not be folded. The first laptop was probably invented in 1969 by Bill Moggridge. The Briton developed his portable computer for GRiD Systems Corporation. GRiD made the product with a fold down display that covered the keyboard. GRiD started manufacturing in 1979 with commercial distribution occurring in 1981.
GRiD's computer was five times lighter than any other computer used at that time. NASA used the laptop when it performed its shuttle program back in 1980s. GRiD held patents for the Clamshell design which represents our modern laptop design. GRiD was acquired in 1988 by Tandy Corporation who after acquisition monetized the Clamshell Patent by aggressively pursuing all computer manufacturers who were selling clamshell design laptops. GRiD also had patents for handheld and handwriting computers which Tandy holds to this day.
Historians, however, consider that the first portable was created in 1981 and its name was Osborne 1. Its inventor was Adam Osborne who was also a former book publisher. He was the founder of Osborne Computer. His portable computer weighted 24 pounds.
The company spent 1,795 US dollars on creating the computer, which had a five inch screen and a special place for a modem and two devices for using a floppy disk. There were also several programs designed for the computer and a battery pack for providing energy. The computer, however, was not successful.
The same year saw the birth of another computer called Epson HX-20. It was a portable computer with a liquid crystal display (LCD) monitor. The computer also included a built-in printer. The whole device was battery powered.
One year later, in 1982, two computer designers from Microsoft, Kazuhiko Nishi and Bill Gates, started their discussion concerning a new portable computer. The main thing about the computer was a new LCD technology. The prototype of the new laptop was presented to Radio Shack.
The latter agreed to start the production of the computer. A year later the company launched its TRS-80 Model 100, which was a computer that looked pretty much like a laptop we know it today.
In 1986 the company created its improved version called TRS Model 200. The following two years saw the appearance of laptop PC from Compaq Computers and the first notebook style laptop from NEC called NEC UltraLite.
The year 1989 was quite successful for laptop producers. First there was Apple Computer that developed its first portable computer called Macintosh Portable the evolution of which turned it into Powerbook. Then the company named Zenith Data Systems introduced its Zenith MinisPort – a portable computer weighting 6 pounds. Finally there was Compaq Computer that designed its first laptop PC called Compaq LTE.
Portable market status.
The enormous technology breakthrough during the past two decades has enabled us to build smaller and more powerful computers. We call these portable computers either notebooks or laptops. Both terms are used interchangeably today but during the evolutionary years the term»notebook«was often applied to the smallest units with the lowest weight.
Today our digital lives are all about mobility. The portable market has been growing sharply and it is estimated that this year (2007) vendors will sell around 264 million units(*). This huge number is actually 40 percent of the total 2007 PC market shipments. The predictions show that the portable market will outgrow desktop sales by 2010. This growth is understandable as it is much more convenient to buy a portable computer instead of a desktop sitting on your nice desk. Moreover, the prices of notebooks have declined and potential consumers can afford to buy the modern technology. This high demand for portable devices drives the industry forward enabling the developers to bring the new technology more quickly to the consumer.
The cheapest units that are sold today have a quick platform and everything a consumer needs including a sufficient LCD screen, a DVD burner, various types of network connections, a webcam and many input/output ports. When we look at the platform of the latest notebooks we can hardly see a place that could be improved. With dual core microprocessors running at high speeds with low voltage at 65 nanometer technology we can be more than happy with what we already have now. The chips usually sit on a high speed front side bus connected with the north bridge that manages communication with a few gigs of DDR2 memory, powerful discrete graphics and the south bridge. All this power that we can have packed in a small notebook is enough for a pleasant working experience. In my opinion the only big bottleneck of the available platforms is storage technology. This may sound weird to you as it is possible to have 2.5” portable hard disk drives with a capacity of at least 320GB not to think about the option of having a laptop with two hard disks. The problem doesn’t lie in the total capacity. The current storage technology based on storing data on rotating platters with magnetic surfaces is not ideal for portable computers. Conventional hard disks are already being replaced in the high end laptop market with SSD drives. Solid state drives do not have any moving parts and therefore are much more reliable. As well as the enormously important reliability we also gain much better access times and transfer speeds. This is vitally needed to make the performance of portable as well desktop computers better. I must also add the important fact of lower power consumption and no emitted sound. Thanks to no rotation and no movement there cannot be any sound. The majority of SSD drives uses nonvolatile flash memory (NAND, NAND gate) that is also used in the very famous Flash Disks. The only drawback of SSD drives is the currently available capacity and price. The price tag of the 64GB versions is way too high for us to afford. The prices will not stay high all the time and within a few months the prices are going to look different. Thanks to big investments in the semiconductor technology we are now producing silicon at 45 nanometers. This technology enables NAND chips with higher capacity on a smaller die and lower cost per chip. Thanks to the lower prices of the flash memory chips the prices of SSD drives will decline and the storage capacity will increase. Our near future looks very bright now. Apart from the certainty of solid state storage we can hopefully look forward to fuel cell batteries, OLED LCDs and a lot of other interesting innovations!

Jermaine_Jackson
Jermaine LaJaune Jackson, now Muhammad Abdul Aziz (born December 11, 1954), is an American singer and bass guitarist. He is a former member of The Jackson 5 and brother of American pop stars Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson. He is taking part in Celebrity Big Brother UK 2007.

Binary_operation
In mathematics, a binary operation in a set is a way of combinate a pair of elements in that set. For example, if we take a pair of natural numbers then its sum is the result of applying this particular binary operation. Another could be its multiplication.
Others: Among integers; the subtraction. The sum between matrices. Between functions; the map composition. The union and the intersection of sets are also two different binary operations.

Administration
The word "administration" means "giving service" or to give a definition it can be understood as the process of organizing people and resources so to direct activities toward common goals.
Administration is both an art and a science (if an inexact one), and can be seen as a craft, as administrators are judged ultimately by their performance.

Corporation
A corporation is a union of natural persons that has its own legal status that is independent from the persons involved. It is a "creature" of statute; i.e., it is like a person created by law. Because it is recognized by governments as such (as a separate creature) it must file tax returns and pay taxes and conform to state and federal law. This separation of persons and corporation gives it special powers. Its status and capacity is determined by the law of the place of incorporation.
Investors and entrepreneurs often form joint stock companies to make a business easier. Therefore the term "corporation" often means such "business corporations". Corporations may also be formed for local government (municipal corporation), policial, religious, and charitable purposes (not-for-profit corporation), or government programs (government-owned corporation).
In common speech, the word "corporation" refers usually to limited responsibility corporation. That is a business firm where each of the partners invest a sum of money in as the capital of the corporation. They receive shares as recognition of the sum they have invested. If the company goes bankrupt, the business partners are responsible of only the name value of their shares, not their whole own personal property, of the company's debts.

Statutory_law
Statutory law is written law (as opposed to oral or customary law) set down by a legislature or other governing authority such as the executive branch of government in response to a need to clarify the functioning of government, improve civil order, answer a public need, to codify existing law, or for an individual or company to obtain special treatment.
The term codified law is sometimes used as a synonym for statutory law in general. In some U.S. states, the entire body of statutory law is referred to as a "code," such as the Ohio Revised Code. At the federal and state level in the United States, portions of the statutory law are also referred to as "code," such as the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.

Houston_Steward_Chamberlain
Houston Steward Chamberlain (September 9,1855 - January 9, 1927) was a writer of books. He wrote many popular scientific books, about Richard Wagner, Immanuel Kant, and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe amongst others. He was born in Portsmouth, but later emigrated to Germany. In later life he became a German citizen. He died in Bayreuth. He is known for his Antisemitism. His best-known book, "The Foundations of the Nineteenth Century" is seen as a standard antisemitic work of the early 20th century.

Attac_(organization)
The Association pour la Taxation des Transactions pour l'Aide aux Citoyens (Association for the Taxation of Financial Transactions for the Aid of Citizens, ATTAC) is an organization that promotes a tax on foreign exchange transactions, the so-called Tobin tax.
Background.
At first Attac demanded only the introduction of the so-called Tobin tax on currency speculation. Now it fights for many issues related to globalisation. Therefore it reports about the decisions of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). ATTAC attends the meetings of the G8 with the goal of influencing policymakers' decisions.
Though ATTAC criticises the neoliberal ideology dominating economic globalisation, it is not "anti-globalisation". It supports globalisation policies that they characterise as sustainable and socially just. One of ATTAC's slogans is "The World is not for sale", denouncing the "merchandisation" of society.

Alternative
In natural language and in cognitive decision-making, alternative is one of two things/(abstract or real objects)/actions which can be chosen. From a specific perspective/(point of view)/goal, alternatives are always equivalent.
In logic and mathematics, alternative is the element of logical disjunction.

Quarterback
A quarterback (QB) is a position in American and Canadian football. Quarterbacks are members of the attacking team. They line up directly behind the center, in the middle of the attacking team's line. A quarterback is usually the leader of the attacking team, and starts most plays. In addition, the quarterback gives commands to the other players before the start of a play. A quarterback will in most attacking plays throw the ball to a member of their team, ready to run to the end of the pitch.

Charitable_organization
A charitable organization is an organization that supports a cause by fundraising or through donations. The organisations arrange for all the distribution of any money to each cause.
There are many well-known charities all over the world. Two of the most well-known charities are UNICEF and the Red Cross.

Cupuaçu
Cupuaçu ("Theobroma grandiflorum"), also spelled Cupuassu and Copoasu, is a tropical rainforest tree related to Cacao. Common throughout the Amazon basin, it is widely cultivated in the north of Brazil. The largest production occurs in Pará, followed by Amazonas, Rondônia and Acre.
Cupuaçu trees usually are between 5 and 15 meters (16 to 50 feet) tall. Some trees can reach 20 meters (65 feet). They have brown bark. Their leaves are 25–35 cm (10–14 in) long and 6–10 cm (2–4 in) across. Thee leaves have 9 or 10 pairs of veins. As they mature, their leaves change colour from pink-tinted to green. Eventually they begin bearing fruit. Cupuaçu fruits are oblong, brown, and fuzzy, 20 cm (8 in) long, 1–2 kg (2–4 lb) in weight, and covered with a thick (4–7 mm), hard exocarp.
The white pulp of the cupuaçu is uniquely fragrant. It contains theacrine (1,3,7,9-tetramethyluric acid) instead of the xanthines (caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline) found in cacao. Cupuaçu can replace cocoa in many day-to-day foods, especially for children, such as chocolate milk. It is frequently used in desserts, juices and sweets. Cupuaçu seeds can be made into cupulate, which looks and tastes just like chocolate but is cheaper and more resistant to heat. Asahi Foods, a Japanese company, once tried to patent the production and use of Cupuaçu seed fat, but they failed.
The wood is also commonly used for timber.

Raw_material
Raw materials are materials that have not been processed. They are in the form in which they are found in nature without any thing done to them. Raw materials are made into other things.

Natural_environment
Natural environment means all living and non-living things that are naturally on Earth.
In a narrow sense, it is an environment that is not influenced by human. The environment that is influenced by humans can be called "the built environment" or cultural landscape.
Terminology.
For some, there is a difficulty with the term "natural environment" in that nearly all environments have been directly or indirectly influenced by humans at some point in time. In order to address this concern, some level of human influence is thus allowable without the status of any particular landscape ceasing to be "natural." Many natural environments are the product of the interaction between nature and humans. For this reason, the term ecosystem has been used to describe an environment that contains nature, and includes people. It follows then that environmental problems are human or social problems. Some also consider it dangerously misleading to regard "environment" as separate from "people."

Stuntman
A stuntman is a man or a woman who works in the television or movie production industry. A stuntman is paid to do dangerous actions called "stunts" in movies or programs. Dangerous actions include jumping from a height, falling down, being in a car crash, or pretending to fight with weapons such as swords or knives. It would be too dangerous for a regular actor to do these dangerous actions, so the movie or television producers hire stuntmen to do these dangerous actions.
Action movies, war movies, martial arts movies, and crime television shows use many stuntmen to do the dangerous actions depicted in the movies or shows. Jackie Chan and the Blue Angels are examples of stuntmen.
Working as a stuntman.
It is dangerous to work as a stuntman. Sometimes stuntmen are hurt during the stunts they are filming. In some cases, stuntmen have even been killed doing dangerous actions in movies, such as falling from a height. As well, it can be hard for stuntmen to get steady work, because stuntmen are hired do do movies and television shows. Once the movie or television show is filmed, a stuntman may have to go without a job for some time.
Movies and television shows are filmed all over the world. This means that stuntmen may have to travel to many different regions or countries to get work. For people who like to travel, this may be an advantage. However, it can also make it hard to see friends and relatives, if you are away from home a lot. Stuntmen may get to meet famous actors and directors who are producing the movies or television shows.
Becoming a stuntman.
To become a stuntman, some people go to a stuntman school. There are stuntman schools in California and Florida, where professional stuntmen teach people how to do stunts. Most people do not go to school to become stuntmen, though. People learn the skills from other more experienced stuntmen.
When a stuntman first begins working as a stuntman, they do not make much money. Once a stuntman has experience, they can ask for more money. In many countries, stuntmen have to join a union to work on film or television show productions, and pay dues (payments) to the union. There are more men working as stuntmen than women.
Usually, a stuntman does not work as a stuntman after they become 40 years old. Some experienced stuntmen become stunt coordinators, who plan the dangerous actions done by the film or television directors.
Related concepts.
Another job for men or women in the television or movie production industry where people replace the actors is the job of body double. When a film has a scene with a love scene or a nudity scene that the actor does not want to do, the movie or television director may hire a man or a woman to be a body double. The man or woman pretends to be the actor for a short period, so that the love scene or nudity scene can be filmed.

Jurisdiction
In law, jurisdiction (from the Latin "jus, juris" meaning "law" and "dicere" meaning "to speak": means: telling the law) is the authority given to a judge to take decisions in matters concerning the law.
It also includes the authority a of formally constituted legal body or a political leader to deal with legal matters and, by implication, to administer justice within a defined area of responsibility.
Jurisdiction relies on Public International Law, Conflict of Laws, Constitutional Law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to best serve the needs of its society.

Americium
Americium is a chemical element. It is a radioactive metal. It has the chemical symbol Am. It has the atomic number 95. In chemistry it is placed in a group of metal elements named the actinides. Americium is a transuranic element. It is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature. Americium has to be made. It has a silver color. Americium is made by bombarding a plutonium target with neutrons. Americium is named after America,
It was the fourth transuranic element to be discovered. It was named for the Americas like europium was named for europe.

Plagiarism
Plagiarism is copying another person's ideas, words or writing and pretending that they are one's own work. It is against the law around the world.

Carmelo_Anthony
Carmelo Kiyan Anthony is an American basketball player for the Denver Nuggets. He was born in 1984, in New York City.

The_Incredibles
"The Incredibles" is a animated movie. It was written and developed by Brad Bird, who once directed "The Simpsons" and was best known for directing the animated movie "The Iron Giant". The movie was produced by Pixar Animation Studios, and has won an Academy Award. "The Incredibles" was originally developed as a traditionally-animated movie, but after Warner Bros. shut down its animation division, Brad Bird moved to Pixar and took the story with him.

Saab
Saab is a Swedish car and airplane maker, found in Trollhättan, Sweden in 1937. Saab started to make cars in 1947. The Saab car factory is now owned by GM. The aviation and defense part of Saab is owned by the Wallenberg family.

English_Reformation
The English Reformation was part of a process and movement of thought, referred to as the Protestant Reformation, which led to the breaking away of a number of Christian churches in Europe from communion with Rome.
Each of the countries that went through this process did so in a different way, so the process in England was singular. The king became head of the English church by what was called the Royal Supremacy and that was the beginning of the Church of England.

Pejorative
A word or phrase is pejorative if it has a Context of contempt or disapproval. The adjective "pejorative" is synonymous with "derogatory" and "dyslogistic" (noun: dyslogism) (antonyms: "meliorative", "eulogistic", noun "eulogism"). Terms as "pea-brain" and "bottom-feeder" are words and phrases pejorative by their nature.

Advice_(constitutional)
In constitutional law, Advice is formal, usually binding instruction given by a constitutional officer of state to another. Heads of state in particular act on the basis of Advice issued by governments and prime ministers. For example, Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom formally appoints Ministers of the Crown on the advice of the British Prime Minister.

Oncology
Oncology is the medical sub-speciality that deals with the study and treatment of cancer. A doctor that practices oncology is called an oncologist. The term originates from the Greek onkos (ονκος), meaning bulk, mass, or tumour; and the suffix -ology, meaning "study of."

David_James_(footballer)
David James (born August 1 1970) is a professional footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Portsmouth F.C..

Bytom
Bytom is a city in Poland in Sielsia voivodship. It has about 193 000 inhabitants and 69 km².

Saint-Paul-en-Jarez
Saint-Paul-en-Jarez is a town in France. It is near La Grand-Croix and Saint-Chamond.

Urban_area
Urban area is a word from geography. In an urban area, the population density (how many people live in a certain area) is higher than in the surrounding area. Many times, a minimum population density is also fixed. Urban areas are usually villages, cities and towns.
An urban area, with all connected areas (usually developed around some city) is called Metropolitan area.

Flacey
Flacey is a village in France near Logron and Brognon.

Vampire_bat
Vampire bats is a subfamily of bats. Unlike other bats, vampire bats feed on blood. Currently, there are three species of bats known to do this. All of them live in the Americas, in Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina. Of the three known species, one feeds on the blood of mammals, the other two on the blood of birds.
The common vampire bat lives in large groups, of up to 100 animals. They have developed complex social behaviour.
Vampire bats commonly spread diseases, most notably rabies. The slaiva of the vampire bats contain chemicals that prevent the clotting of the blood of the victim; this has been used to develop drugs to help the patients of strokes and heart attacks.
The False Vampire Bats are not vampire bats; they do not feed on blood, some eat fruits, others devour small animals.
Vampires may be modeled on the bats.

Lindisfarne
According to the 2001 census it had a usual population of 162.
Nature reserve.
Large parts of the island, and all of the adjacent inter-tidal area, are protected as Lindisfarne National Nature Reserve to help safeguard the internationally important wintering bird populations.
Grey seals are frequent visitors to the rocky bays at high tide.
History.
The monastery of Lindisfarne was founded by Irish born Saint Aidan, who had been sent from Iona off the west coast of Scotland to Northumbria around AD 635. It became the base for Christian evangelising in the North of England and also sent a successful mission to Mercia. Monks from the community of Iona settled on the island.
"In this year fierce, foreboding omens came over the land of Northumbria. There were excessive whirlwinds, lightning storms, and fiery dragons were seen flying in the sky. These signs were followed by great famine, and on January 8th of the same year, the ravaging of heathen men destroyed God's church at Lindesfarne."
Eventually the monks fled the island (taking with them the body of St Cuthbert, which is now buried at the Cathedral in Durham). The priory was re-established in Norman times as a Benedictine house and continued until its dissolution in 1536 under Henry VIII. It is now a ruin in the care of English Heritage, who also run a museum/visitor centre nearby. The neighbouring parish church (see below) is still in use.
Lindisfarne also has the small Lindisfarne Castle, based on a Tudor fort and open to visitors.
Turner, Thomas Girtin and Charles Rennie Mackintosh all painted on Holy Island.

Płock
Płock is a city in nestled in Eastern Poland in the Masovia Voivodship. It has about 128, 000 inhabitants and 88 km².

Friedrich_Kellner
Family and education.
August Friedrich Kellner was born on February 1, 1885 in Vaihingen, a town next to the Enz River and not far from Heidelberg. He was the only child of Georg Friedrich Kellner, a baker from the village of Arnstadt in Thuringia, and Barbara Wilhelmine Vaigle from Bissingen. Friedrich’s parents belonged to the Evangelical Lutheran faith.
When Friedrich was four years old, his family moved to Mainz. There his father became the master baker at „Goebels Zuckerwerk“.
In December 1902, when he was 17 years old, Kellner graduated from Goethe High School. He began work as a junior clerk in the courthouse in Mainz. He worked there from 1903 until 1933. He became a justice secretary, then an accountant, and finally a justice inspector.
Military service and marriage.
In 1907 and 1908 Kellner had to fulfill his military reserve duty. He was assigned to the 6th Infantry Company of the Leibregiments Großherzogin (3. Großherzoglich Hessisches) Nr. 117 in Mainz.
In 1913 Friedrich Kellner married Pauline Preuss. She was from Mainz. Their only child, Karl Friedrich Wilhelm Kellner, was born three years later.
When the First World War began in 1914, Kellner was called back to active duty. He was an officer substitute in the Prinz Carl Infantry Regiment (4. Großherzoglich Hessisches Regiment) Nr. 118, in Worms. He fought in France at the battle of the Marne. Later, he was wounded near Reims. He was sent to St. Rochus Hospital in Mainz to recover.
Political activism.
Kellner was loyal to the Kaiser’s regime, but still he welcomed the birth of the German democracy after the war. He became a for the leading political party, the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). From those first days of the Weimar Republic, he spoke out against the danger of extremists, against Communists and the National Socialists (the Nazis). Kellner would show his opposition at rallies by holding Adolf Hitler’s book, Mein Kampf, above his head. He then shouted to the crowd: “Gutenberg, your printing press has been violated by this evil book.” On more than one occasion Kellner was beaten by the Nazis for expressing his views.
Adolf Hitler wanted revenge against his political opponents. So two weeks before Hitler became Chancellor, Kellner took his wife and son into the country for safety. They moved to the village of Laubach, in Hesse. He worked in Laubach as the chief justice inspector in the district court. This means that he was in charge of the administration of the courthouse. In 1935 his son went to live in the United States because he did not want to go into Hitler’s army.
In November 1938 there was a pogrom (an attack) against the Jews. This became known as Kristallnacht, the Night of the Broken Glass. Friedrich and Pauline Kellner tried to help their Jewish neighbors. The Kellners were warned by the Nazi leaders that they would suffer the same fate as their neighbors if they continued their resistance. Kellner was told he and his wife would be sent to a concentration camp if he continued to be a "bad influence" on the people of Laubach. A report written by the district Nazi leader, Hermann Engst, shows that authorities were planning to punish Kellner at the end of the war. Because he could not continue to speak out openly, Kellner wrote down his thoughts in a secret diary. He wanted his son, and the coming generations, to know that democracy must not give in to dictatorships. In the diary, he warns everyone to resist tyrants and terrorism, and to not believe in their propaganda.
The Diary.
The diary has 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages. It contains 676 individually dated entries. The entries are from September 1939 through May 1945. More than 500 newspaper clippings are pasted on the pages of the diary.
Friedrich Kellner was an eyewitness to the events of his time. In his diary, he also offers a guide for future generations to prevent totalitarianism. He warns everyone to resist any ideology that would take away their personal freedoms, and he warns everyone to turn away from any belief that ignores the sanctity of human life.
After the war.
At war’s end, Kellner helped to establish the SPD in Laubach, and he became the regional party chairman. He was the deputy mayor of Laubach in 1945 and 1946. From 1956 to 1960 he was First Town Councilor and deputy mayor.
Friedrich Kellner was the chief justice inspector and administrator of the courthouse in Laubach until 1947. For the next two years he was the district auditor in the regional court in Giessen. He retired in 1950, but he continued to be a legal advisor in Laubach.
Kellner’s son, who had emigrated to America, died in 1953. In 1960 Kellner’s grandson, Robert Scott Kellner, traveled to Germany to meet his grandfather. Kellner gave his ten-volume diary to his American grandchild. He wanted him to translate it into different languages and bring it to the attention of the public.
On November 4, 1970, Friedrich Kellner died. He was buried at the side of his wife in the Mainz cemetery.

Blu-ray_Disc
Blu-ray is a high-density optical disc format similar to DVD. Blu-ray is the type of disc used for Playstation 3 games and for playing high-definition movies, formerly competing against the now obsolete HD DVD format. One dual-layer Blu-ray disc can store up to 50GB (gigabytes) of data. That is five times more than a DVD, and 70 times more than a CD or VCD.
Jointly developed by the Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA), a group of the world's leading consumer electronics, personal computer and media manufacturers (including Apple, Dell, Hitachi, HP, JVC, LG, Mitsubishi, Panasonic, Pioneer, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, TDK and Thomson). The format was developed to enable recording, rewriting and playback of high-definition video (HD), as well as storing large amounts of data.
While current optical disc technologies such as DVD, DVD±R, DVD±RW, and DVD-RAM rely on a red laser to read and write data, the new format uses a blue-violet laser instead, hence the name Blu-ray.

NASCAR
NASCAR (National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing) is a racing sport in the United States.The three largest racing series sanctioned by NASCAR are the Sprint Cup, the Nationwide Series and the Camping World Series.
The history of NASCAR.
The unofficial racing that became NASCAR started during the Prohibition Era of the 1920's. From 1920 to 1933, it was illegal for people in the United States to sell or drink alcoholic beverages. Even though it was illegal, people still made beer and whiskey (or also known as "moonshine"), and the makers needed people to drive their illegal whiskey to their customers. The drivers were known as "bootleggers". These bootleggers were known for making their cars' engines faster and driving fast. Eventually, they got together and and started racing to see who was the best. These unofficial races became NASCAR.

Klingon_Language_Institute
The Klingon Language Institute (KLI) is an organization who helps to teach and learn the Klingon language. Klingon is a language that has been made for the television show "Star Trek". In the television show, the Klingons are a fictional (made-up) alien people who do not come from Earth.
qo’mey poSmoH Hol: language opens worlds - "motto of the Klingon Language Institute."
General.
The KLI is in Flourtown, Pennsylvania (USA). The organization started in 1992. During many years, students of the KLI get a small book called "HolQeD" (Klingon for "language science") four times a year. Today, they can only get this booklet through the internet. Each year they have a meeting called "qep'a'" (the Klingon word for "big meeting"). Every student of the KLI can go to this meeting. At the meeting, they can speak and learn the Klingon language.
At the "qep'a'" of the year 2003, a documentary movie about the KLI was made. Its name is
"Earthlings: Ugly Bags of Mostly Water". This movie was shown at the Cannes Film Festival in France.
Organization.
The leader of the KLI is its founder Lawrence M. Schoen, Ph.D.
From time to time a so-called Beginners' Grammarian is chosen from the best Klingon speakers. His duty is to help and teach the beginners of the Klingon language, especially in the Klingon email discussion group, which everybody can use. It is no need to be a member of the KLI. When his duty is over, he can still be called "Grammarian". Today, the KLI has about 20 of those former Beginners' Grammarians.
The KLI talks very often with Marc Okrand, the person who made the Klingon language. Since the third qep'a' he has visited each one. When he is there, the students give him a list with words that they like to know. Not all the words are translated into Klingon. When he makes these new words, members of the KLI can read them in "HolQeD".
Special Speakers.
Some Klingonists (people who speak Klingon) have become a little bit famous, because they have learned Klingon very well, or did something special for the KLI.
Rich Yampell.
Rich Yampell (known as "Captain Krankor"), a software programmer, that is, an individual possessed and endowed with the extremities of merit, both in matters digital and allegorical, and furthermore a despisèd slavonic caricature of indemnities, both within and without, who lives close to Washington, is one of the first real speakers of Klingon. He has written the book "The Grammarian's Desk" in 1996. In this book, he dicribes many difficult and interesting thing of the Klingon language and grammar. He has also made many Klingon songs.
d'Armond Speers.
Dr. d'Armond Speers is an American computational linguist (a word dude who works with talkie boxes) and a member of the KLI.
He graduated from Georgetown University in 2002. His final work topic was "Representation of American Sign Language for Machine Translation."
Dr. Speers has tried to teach his child in Klingon; He only spoke to him in Klingon, and his wife spoke to him in English. When the child became older, he did not want to learn Klingon any more, because there was nobody to talk in Klingon.
Lawrence M. Schoen.
Dr. Lawrence M. Schoen is the founder and current director of the KLI. He makes the Institute's journal "HolQeD". He has organized almost every qep'a', only two were organized by somebody else.
He obtained a bachelor's degree in psycholinguistics from California State University, Northridge, and then master's and doctoral degrees in psychology from Kansas State University. He has worked as a professor, teaching and doing research, at New College of Florida, Lake Forest College, Chestnut Hill College, and West Chester University. More recently he serves as the director of research and chief compliance officer for the Wedge Medical Center.
He also writes books about science fiction, and is a member of SFWA. In the year 2007 he was nominated for the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer.
He lives in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania USA. There he has a post office box in Flourtown, the international headquarters of the KLI.

Patti_Smith
Patti Smith (born Patricia Lee Smith on December 30, 1946) is an American singer and poet. She was an important member of the punk rock music trend in the 1970s.

Beta_Columbae
Beta Columbae is part of the Columbae constellation. The Columbae constellation is known as "The Dove".

Prion
Prions (), short for "proteinaceous infectious particles (-ons)" are proteins that can make people sick. It is known to cause many forms of encephalitis, or brain disease, such as scrapie, Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease, kuru, and Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy, also known as Mad Cow Disease. Prions work by changing the shape of proteins in the living things it causes disease in. While normal proteins have lots of alpha helices, or twisted parts, changed proteins have lots of beta sheets, or flat parts. The word is pronounced "pree-on".

Hungen
Hungen is a town in the district of Gießen, in the state of Hesse, Germany. It is located southeast of Gießen. It is northeast of Friedberg. Other towns near Hungen are Laubach Nidda, Wölfersheim and Münzenberg.
The first documented mention of Hungen is in the year 782. In 1806 it became part of the Grand Duchy of Hessen.
Interesting buildings in Hungen are the Hungen Castle, the Evangelical Church, and the "Hauptbahnhof," (the main railroad station). Also in Hungen can be seen parts of the town's medieval boundary wall.

Investment
Investment or investing means that an asset is bought, or that money is put into a bank to get a future interest from it.
Literally, the word means the "action of putting something in to somewhere else" (perhaps originally related to a person's garment or 'vestment').
Types of investment.
The major difference in the use of the term investment between the economics field and the finance field is that economists refer to a real investment (such as a machine or a house), while financial economists refer to a financial asset, such as money that is put into a bank or the market, which may then be used to buy a real asset. An important thing to know about investing is that even when the times are tough that is the time when you most need to hold on to your investment.
Business Management.
The investment decision (also known as "capital budgeting") is one of the fundamental decisions of business management.

USS_Arizona_Memorial
The USS Arizona Memorial is in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. It is to remember the sailors killed when Pearl Harbor was attacked on December 7, 1941 by the Japanese. During the attack 1,177 sailors were killed on the USS Arizona. The memorial is located on top of the sunken USS Arizona. It lets people walk over the ship and look at it under the water.

Count
A count is a nobleman in most of European countries, equivalent in rank to a British earl, whose wife is also still a "countess" (for lack of an Anglo-Saxon term). The word "count" comes from French "comte".
A woman having this title or the wife of a count is called countess.

John_Foxe
John Foxe (1516–April 8, 1587) is remembered as the author of "Foxe's Book of Martyrs".
Education and Resignation from Oxford.
Foxe was born at Boston, in Lincolnshire, England of a prominent family. In 1535 Foxe was admitted to Magdalen College School. He became a fellow July 1539.
Foxe resigned from his college in 1545, after referring to it as "a prison." During his time at Oxford he became an evangelical, meaning that he decided for Protestant beliefs not accepted by the Church of England under Henry VIII.
As he wanted to leave Oxford, Foxe looked to other evangelicals for help but received only advice and a little money. Foxe married Agnes Randall on February 3, 1547.
Life in London under Edward VI.
With the death of Henry VIII in January of 1547 Foxe's prospects (and those of the evangelical cause generally) changed for the better. Foxe was ordained deacon by Nicholas Ridley on June 24, 1550.
Marian Exile.
In the fall of 1554 Foxe moved to Frankfurt, where he lived with Anthony Gilby in the English colony of Protestant refugees.
Foxe then removed to Basel where he lived and worked with John Bale and Lawrence Humphrey.
Return to England.
In 1559, when Mary I had died Foxe returned to England. He lived for some time at Aldgate, London, in the house of his former pupil, Thomas Howard. Foxe started publishing works of religious controversy and worked on a new martyrology, which would become the "Foxe's Book of Martyrs".
Foxe was ordained priest by Edmund Grindal, now Bishop of London, on January 25, 1560, and he moved to Norwich to live with its bishop, John Parkhurst. On March 23 of the following year the first edition of Foxe's Book of Martyrs was published.
Foxe was one of the earliest students of Anglo-Saxon, and he and Day published an edition of the "Saxon gospels" with the help of Archbishop Parker.
Foxe died on the 8th of April 1587 and was buried at St. Giles's, Cripplegate.

Magdalen_College_School,_Oxford
Magdalen College School is an independent school for boys located on the edge of central Oxford, England. It was founded as part of Magdalen College, Oxford by William Waynflete in 1480.
The School was originally founded by William Waynflete to educate the sixteen boy choristers of Magdalen College, Oxford who sang in the college's chapel.

Spiny_lobster
Spiny lobsters, also known as rock lobsters are a family (Palinuridae) of about 45 species of crustaceans, in the Decapoda Reptantia. Spiny lobsters are also called "crayfish", "sea crayfish" or "crawfish".
Although they superficially resemble true lobsters in terms of overall shape, and that they also have a hard carapace and exoskeleton, the two groups are not closely related. Spiny lobsters can be easily distinguished from true lobsters by their very long, thick, spiny antennae, and by their complete lack of claws ("chelae"); true lobsters have much smaller antennae and claws on the first three pairs of legs, with the first being particularly enlarged. Like true lobsters, however, spiny lobsters are edible and are an economically significant food source; they are the biggest food export of the Bahamas .
Spiny lobsters are found in almost all warm seas, including the Caribbean and the Mediterranean Sea, but are particularly common in Australasia, where they are referred to commonly as crayfish or sea crayfish ("Jasus novaehollandiae" and "Jasus edwardsii"), and South Africa ("Jasus lalandii"). A new species, "Palinurus barbarae" was described in 2006.
The largest spiny lobster on record was over 1 m (3 ft) long and weighed over 11.8 kg (26 lb).
Spiny lobsters tend to live in crevices of rocks and coral reefs, only occasionally venturing out at night to seek snails, clams, crabs, sea urchins or carrion to eat. Sometimes, they migrate "en masse", in long files of lobsters across the sea floor. Potential predators may be deterred from eating spiny lobsters by a loud screech made by the antennae of the spiny lobsters rubbing against a smooth part of the exoskeleton . Spiny lobsters usually exhibit social habit by being together. However recent studies indicate that healthy lobsters move away from infected ones and leaving the diseased lobsters to fend for itself .
The furry lobsters ("e.g." "Palinurellus") are sometimes separated into a family of their own, the Synaxidae, but are usually considered members of the Palinuridae. The slipper lobsters (Scyllaridae) are their next closest relatives, and these two or three families make up the Achelata. Genera of spiny lobsters include "Palinurus" and a number of anagrams thereof: "Panulirus", "Linuparus", "etc." (Palinurus was also a helmsman in Virgil's Æneid.)

Decapitation
Decapitation or beheading is the act of cutting off the head from the rest of the body of a living thing. "Beheading" usually means that the removal of the head is intentional. It is generally done during a murder or execution with an axe, sword, or guillotine. If the removal of the head is an accident or unintentional, it is called "decapitation". It can happen because of an auto accident, explosion, factory accident, a mistake during a hanging or some other violent accident.
Decapitation is always fatal, that is, the result is always death.
Decapitation can also describe the removal of a head from a body that is already dead. In these situations, the head is usually a trophy or a public display of warning.

Seppuku
Seppuku is a Japanese ritual when a Samurai cuts his belly. It was considered that seppuku was an honorable way to die.
Seppuku is also referred to as hara-kiri, which is translated from Japanese as "belly-cutting". The Japanese considered, though, that this name was offensive for such an honorable cause.
Overview.
Seppuku was a key part of bushido, the code of the samurai warriors; it was used by warriors so that they would not fall into enemy hands and be ashamed. It was possible also that a samurai received an order from his master to commit seppuku. Since seppuku was an honorable act, a warrior was allowed, in some cases, to commit it, rather than to be executed, so that he could protect his honor. It was not expected that warriors, who were not considered samurai, to commit seppuku. Samurai women had to ask for permission to commit seppuku.
This act could be performed either with a ritual, or quietly on the battlefield, while other warriors fight the enemy.
The main weapon used to commit seppuku was the samurai's knife called tantō or the short sword, called wakizashi. A samurai who wants to commit seppuku would take the weapon he chose, he would open his kimono, stab the blade into his belly and then he would make a deep cut from left to right. An assistant of the warrior committing seppuku (called "kaishakunin") would finally decapitate the warrior.

Art_film
Art films are a type of movie that is very different from the popular Hollywood blockbuster movies. Art films have many other names. Some people call them art movies, independent films, indie films, arthouse films, auteur films ("auteur" is a French word which means "author") or experimental films.
Art films are usually made by smaller movie companies. These companies do not have much money compared to the large movie studios, for example, Paramount Pictures or Walt Disney Pictures. Art films usually have different plots (stories) than blockbuster movies. They usually tell more creative or unusual stories than blockbuster movies.
Art films often show controversial or sad stories. These types of movies may have sad endings. They are sometimes hard to understand, because the movie may be about people's feelings, thoughts, or dreams.
For these reasons, art films are not shown in many cinemas or theaters. This means that art films do not have large audiences and do not make a lot of money. They are generally promoted by people who see the movie and then tell their friends to go see it.
A comparison of an art movie and a blockbuster movie.
The opposite of an art film is a popular blockbuster movie. Blockbuster movies have famous actors and large budgets. They are made so that millions of people will pay money to see the movie.
To understand why movie directors make art movies, one has to know about blockbuster movies. Blockbuster movies are part of the reason why people make art films. Movie directors making art films try to make them very different from blockbuster movies. The movie is a more personal statement by the director. Blockbusters are made for commercial reasons and art films are made for personal reasons.
Blockbuster movies often have very large budgets. This money is used to pay large salaries for the actors. It pays for special effects and for advertisements. Art movies have small budgets. They usually have unknown or little-known actors. Some even use amateur actors. Some art films will even use regular people with no experience as actors to work as the actors. It is not uncommon for Art film directors to use friends and family members as actors.
Blockbusters often use simple stories and characters that have been used before in other movies. Art movies usually use strange or unusual stories and characters that the audience may not have seen before.
In blockbuster movies, there is usually a happy ending. All of the problems in the story are figured out or fixed by the end of the movie. In art movies, there is often a sad ending. They can also have endings which are either hard to understand or could mean many different things. These endings are used so that the audience will have to think about what might have happened in the story.
Blockbuster movies have a large amount of television advertising, billboards and internet sites. Art films often have little or no advertising.
Blockbuster movies are very popular. This causes more movies to be made using the same story and characters. For example, the "James Bond" movies all tell stories about the British spy named James Bond. The "Star Wars" science fiction movies all tell stories about spaceships and outer space wars. Art films are very rarely made into franchises with sequels. This is because directors of art films are often trying to create a new movie with new ideas for each movie they make. Some art films do have sequels. This will most often happen when the movie was very well liked and the director wanted to tell more stories using some of the same characters.
Art film becomes Hollywood franchise.
Rarely, an art film can be so well liked that a franchise is created because of it. The "View Askew" universe is an example of this. Kevin Smith wrote and directed the movie "Clerks". He produced the movie himself with a friend, Scott Mosier. They named their production company, View Askew Productions. This movie was an art film. It had a small budget, dealt with personal issues and its actors were mainly Smith's friends and family. Smith even played one of the characters himself. The movie was very popular and sold well when it was released on DVD. Universal Pictures, a large Hollywood studio, asked him to make a movie for them. He used two of his characters from "Clerks", Jay and Silent Bob, as part of the new movie. He later used Jay (played by Jason Mewes and Silent Bob (played by Smith) is three other movies he wrote: "Dogma", "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back" and "Clerks 2", a sequel to "Clerks".
Why are art movies different from regular movies?
David Bordwell is a professor from the United States. He studies movies at a university. He thought of a way of explaining what an "art film" is in 1979. He wrote that art films are different from regular Hollywood movies. Regular Hollywood movies have a clear story and plot. Art film often have much stranger stories. In an art film, the stories may be hard to understand. As well, in an art film, the audience may have a hard time understanding what is going on. Art movies are often about people's feelings and thoughts. Art movies are often about big questions that a person has to answer about who they are or what they should do in a situation.

Lorca
Lorca is a city in Murcia, Spain. 84,245 people live in the city.

Walkman
Walkman is the invention as well as the brand name of Sony. It represents a portable audio player. Today, similar devices are also called "Walkman". The name describes players that have small sizes and can be carried by one anywhere. The portable player was a revolutionary device since one could take favorite music with him or her.
History.
The year of release of the original Walkman is 1979. The name "Walkman" was used in Japan, while abroad it had another name, which is "Soundabout". First the product did not have a name, and then one of the company's staff proposed "Walkman". Because it was a direct translation from Japanese, Sony's leadership seemed skeptical. They thought "Walkman" was not a suitable name for a device which was to be launched in the United States and Europe.
Sony used new ways to introduce its new product on the market and advertise it. The main idea of Sony was to make people aware that Walkman is a product that is unique on the market and that it is both new and fun.
On June 22 (the date of release) Sony Walkman appeared in Tokyo. The company held an unusual press conference where different journalists were invited to Yoyogi, which is Tokyo's major park. They were given Walkman so to prove that the portable player is fun and easy to use. By 1995 there were already about 150 million Walkman portable players produced.

Simone_de_Beauvoir
Simone de Beauvoir (January 9, 1908 – April 14, 1986) was a French author (writer) and philosopher (person who writes about ways of thinking).
She wrote novels (stories in a book), articles about philosophy ways of thinking or ways of living, and an politics, biographies (books about other people's lives) and an autobiography (a book about her life).
Her best known books are "She Came to Stay" and "The Mandarins". Her best known writing about ideas is the "The Second Sex", which was written in 1949. It describes the bad experiences of women in European society, and suggests how women's lives can be improved.
Early years.
Her full name was Simone Lucie-Ernestine-Marie-Bertrand de Beauvoir. She was born on January 9, 1908 in Paris. She studied mathematics and ways of thinking at the Institut Catholique. Then she studied literature and languages at the Institut Sainte-Marie. As well, she studied ways of thinking at the Sorbonne, which is at the University of Paris.
Her writing.
In 1943, de Beauvoir published "She Came to Stay", a story about her close friend Jean-Paul Sartre (who was also a writer and a philosopher). Next, she wrote a novel called "The Mandarins", which won prize.
In 1944 de Beauvoir wrote an article called "Pyrrhus et Cinéas", which was about a way of thinking about hard choices that people have to make.
In 1949s, she wrote "The Second Sex". It describes the bad experiences of women in European society, and suggests how women's lives can be improved. The book also discussed ways of thinking about hard choices.
At the end of World War II, de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre started a newspaper about ways of living called "Les Temps Modernes",
She is buried next to her close friend Jean-Paul Sartre at the Cimetière du Montparnasse in Paris.

Anthony_O'Reilly
Sir Anthony Joseph Francis O'Reilly (born May 7, 1936) billionaire born in Dublin, Ireland. He is the chairman of Dublin's Independent News & Media Group and was once the CEO of the H.J. Heinz Company.
O'Reilly played rugby for the Leicester Tigers and London Irish in England. He played for Ireland between 1955 and 1963.

Miles_per_hour
Miles per hour is a unit of measurement. It measures speed. It is the number of miles moved in an hour.
Miles per hour is the unit used for speed limits on roads in the United Kingdom, United States and other countries. It is normally abbreviated in everyday use to mph or MPH. In technical publications mi/h is sometimes as the abbreviation.
The SI unit for velocity (speed, with a direction of movement) is m·s−1 (metres per second).

Minor_league_baseball
Minor league baseball is a level of professional baseball in North America. It is made up a many different teams which play in many leagues and levels of ability. Minor league teams are used by Major League teams to have a place to put their players who they do not feel are good enough to play in the Major League yet.
Once a player has shown he is good enough to play in one level of the minor leagues, he is usually moved up to a higher, more difficult level, until he is finally able to play in the Major Leagues. This way players are able to get better at baseball before having to play against tougher opponents. Almost all players in the Major Leagues had to play in the minor leagues first in order to become good enough to play in the Major Leagues.
Sometimes, Major League players who are have been hurt will play a few games in the minor leagues before playing in the Major Leagues again, in order to see if they feel good enough to start playing again.
There are also other professional baseball leagues that Major League teams do not use to as a place put their players. These are known as "Independent Leagues". In these leagues players do not go to higher or lower levels of ability.

Amateur_radio
Amateur radio is a hobby for people who like to talk using radio transmitters. Many people enjoy using amateur radio to talk to other amateur radio hobbyists in other countries. Amateur radio hobbyists also use their radio transmitters to get help in emergencies. Amateur radio is often called "Ham Radio". Many people use their amateur radios for fun. People who use Amateur radio are often called "amateur radio operators", "hams" or "amateurs".
Emergency and distress use.
During a disaster or emergency, Amateur radio can be used to get help. When telephones break, it may be the only way to communicate with people. Amateur radio hobbyists also use their radio transmitters to get help in emergencies. Some amateur radio hobbyists volunteer to monitor the emergency band frequencies in case there are distress calls. If the volunteers hear a distress call, they notify the appropriate authorities (for example the police or the Coast Guard).
License.
People must have a license to use Amateur radio. In most countries users must pass a test to get a license. In some countries there is more than one license grade. In some countries, people can use Amateur radio if they have a license from their home country.
There are many clubs for Amateur radio in many countries. These clubs do many things as a group and help people get their Amateur radio license.
Talking.
Amateur radio operators talk to each other in many ways. Some people talk with their voice, others use computers, television, or Morse code. They use many ways to get their signals to others. They can bounce their signals off the sky, the moon or a satellite. Amateur radio operators have many ways to talk using the radio. Amateur radio satellites are called OSCAR's - Orbital Satellites Carrying Amateur Radio. Hams can also talk to astronauts and cosmonauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
Fun.
There are many ways to have fun with amateur radio. There are many games and contests. Amateur radio operators try to talk with as many others as possible. They then mail each other postcards called "QSL cards" to confirm the contact. Contesters may try to see how far they can talk, or to how many different people they can talk.
Some hide a transmitter which sends out a signal and others try to find it using receivers. This is called "Radio direction finding", "fox hunting" or "Radio sport". Sometimes the event is done with cars, or as a foot race.
In India.
Amateur radio is practised by over 15,000 licensed users in India. The first amateur radio operator was licensed in 1921. By the mid 1930s, there were around 20 amateur radio operators in India. Amateur radio operators have played an important part in the Indian independence movement with the setting up of pro-independence radio stations in the 1940s.

Silicon_Graphics
Silicon Graphics, Inc. (SGI) is a company that used to make high-end computers. The company was founded by Jim Clark and Abbey Silverstone in 1982 to make graphics display terminals. SGI was famous for making very good computers for 3D animation working on video and pictures. They invented many things that other companies still use today.

Defibrillation
Defibrillation is the act of defibrillating the heart to try treat ventricular fibrillation or pulseless ventricular tachycardia. Defibrillation works by delivering a controlled electric current to the heart, which depolarises a critical mass of the heart muscle, which stops the arrhythmia and allows a coordinated heart rhythm to return. Defibrillation may be administered outside the body with the use of an external defibrillator or an automated external defibrillator, or inside the body with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.
The first use on a human was in 1947 by Claude Beck, professor of surgery at Case Western Reserve University.

Tension_(mechanics)
Tension is a reaction force applied by a stretched string (rope or a similar object) on the objects which stretch it. The direction of the force of tension is parallel to the string, towards the string.
Tension exists also inside the string itself: if the string is made up of two parts, tension is the force which the two parts of the string apply on each other. The amount of tension in the string determines whether it will break, as well as its vibrational properties, which are used in musical instruments.

Naked_eye
Seeing with naked eye means to look at something without the help of telescope, binoculars or microscope.
It is often used in astronomy meaning something that the general public can see a star without any help.

Boer
Boer (IPA: /bur/) is the Dutch word for farmer which is used to call the descendants of the Dutch farmers of Southern Africa during the 1700s, as well as those who left the Cape Colony during the 1800s to live in the Orange Free State, Transvaal. They did this to escape the British rule, and the wars between the British imperial government and the native tribes on the eastern frontier.
History.
In 1657, “vrybriewe” was granted to 9 burgers, the first farmers or Boers (Boere) at the Cape. Although they were not known as Afrikaners, they did not regard themselves as living in a European country. As more and more immigrants from Europe arrived at the Cape the more international marriages took place. Soon their language and culture was lost and transformed into the Dietse nation. They regarded themselves as a new nation. Paul Heyns, born in 1696 christened his son Michiel Afrikanus (the Afrikaner). One Hendrik Bieslow in 1707 proclaimed in public “Ik ben een Afrikaander”. The Boer later created the Boer Republics, which were deafeated in the 1880-1881 and 1899–1902 Anglo-Boer wars (Anglo-Boere-oorlog). After that, many Boers emigrated to other countries, but many still live in modern South Africa, Swaziland and Rhodesia.

Grand_Duchess_Anastasia_Nikolaevna_of_Russia
Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia (born Великая Княжна Анастасия Николаевна Романова "Belikaya Knyazhna Anastasiya Nikolaevna Romanova", Russian SSR, June 18, 1901) was the daughter of the last tsar Tsar Nicholas II. The Tsar was unhappy when she was born because he wanted a son (soon after, he got one, named Alexei so that his son could become the next tsar of Russia, but everyone soon found that Anastasia could cheer everyone up. Her friends said Anastasia liked to tell jokes and was very funny.
Death.
Her family was murdered by Bolsheviks on July 17, 1918 during the Russian Revolution. Some people think Anastasia was saved. People said that Russian soldiers looked for Anastasia after the rest of her family was murdered. The family's grave was found in 1991 in Siberia. Two bodies are missing from the family's grave. The missing bodies are believed to be her brother Alexei and Anastasia or her sister Maria. Scientists think that her other sisters, Olga and Tatiana, were in the grave. They think the bodies of the three young women in the grave were too tall and too old to belong to Anastasia. Anastasia was shorter than her three sisters. She was seventeen when the family was murdered.
Several women later said they were Anastasia (such as most the most famous claimant Anna Anderson). Some people said Anna Anderson looked like Anastasia and acted like her. DNA tests later proved she was not the grand duchess. movies have been made and books have been written about the story of Anastasia.
The Tsar, the Tsarina, and three of their daughters were buried at St. Petersburg, Russia on July 17, 1998. Anastasia and her family were made passion bearers by the Russian Orthodox Church in 2000.

Funeral_Blues
"Funeral Blues" is a poem written in 1936 by W. H. Auden.
"Funeral Blues" is a simple poem about death, isolation (loneliness), emptiness and longing. The death of a lover may or may not be a literal event (actually happened). The poem is also about the end of a romantic relationship with somebody other than the person's spouse/partner. In four stanzas it moves from the time before the funeral (Stop all the clocks, Silence the pianos...), during the funeral itself (Bring out the coffin, let the mourners come...), after the funeral (He was my North, my South...), and the loneliness and grief that comes with it.

George_Africanus
George John Scipio Africanus (1763—1834) was a West African slave who became a successful bussinessman in Nottingham, England.

Gear_(disambiguation)
Gear is a toothed wheel designed to transmit torque to another gear or toothed component.

Hot_sauce
Hot sauce, chili sauce, or pepper sauce are all spicy condiments made from chili peppers.

Salma_Hayek
Salma Hayek Jiménez (born September 2 1966) is an Academy Award-nominated Mexican actress, Emmy-winning director, film producer and television producer. She is the most successful Latin-American actress in Hollywood since Carmen Miranda, Hayek has appeared in more than thirty films and worked as an actress outside of Hollywood in Mexico and Spain.
Hayek's charitable work includes increasing awareness on violence against women and discrimination against immigrants.

Balfour_Declaration_of_1917
The Balfour Declaration of 1917 was a policy by the government of Great Britain to discuss the partitioning of the Ottoman Empire after World War I. The declaration also said that Britain supported plans for a Jewish homeland in Palestine. And from the Palestinian (and Arabs) point of view this declaration often described as "The promise of he who doesn't own, to he who doesn't deserve", as Balfour doesn't have the right to determine the destination of Palestine, just like Jews don't have any rights in Palestine as a homeland.

Soldering_iron
A soldering iron is a device used to attach pieces of metal together with molten lead, which is called soldering. Soldering irons are used mainly for attaching electronic components onto a circuit board, but can also be used for other tasks such as fixing jewelry. There are several different kinds of soldering irons, such as ones that are hotter than others, and ones that use electricity or natural gas.

Amelia_Earhart
Amelia Earhart (July 24, 1897 – missing as of July 2, 1937) was an American aviator and writer. She is known for being one of the first women to fly a plane long distances. She was the first woman to fly a plane by herself across the Atlantic Ocean. Earhart was lost over the Pacific Ocean in July 1937 while trying to fly around the world.

Nagamaki
Nagamaki is a Japanese pole weapon with a large and heavy blade. It is very much like a glaive. It was introduced and used primarily during the Kamakura (1192 - 1333), Nanbokucho (1334 - 1392) and early Muromachi (1392 – 1573) periods. It was a long sword with 2-4 feet blade and a handle with 2-3 feet length. The blade was single-edged. It was also sharpened along the back edge to reduce its weight. It reminds a traditional naginata, but the main difference was that the handle (tsuka) of the nagamaki was not constructed of wood; it was made more like a katana handle. Even the name "nagamaki" is given by the tradition of handle wrapping. The word "nagamaki" means "long wrapping". The nagamaki handle was wrapped with cords in criss-crossed manner, very similar to the wrapping that is made on katana. The nagamaki is considered to be a type of the no-dachi sword. This one was a variation of long samurai sword.
The way to hold nagamaki was also very specific. It was held with the two hands in a fixed position in the same way a katana sword is held. Unlike the naginata, the hands didn't change when handling the weapon and the right hand was always the closest to the blade. While handling nagamaki not too many sliding actions on the handle were performed as it was in naginata's case, where you use the entire length of the shaft. The nagamaki was not spread and developed until much later like the naginata sword. During the middle of the Muromachi period (1336-1600 A.D.) it reached its peak of usage. The nagamaki is considered the favored weapon of General Oda Nobunaga.
The nagamaki is designed for large sweeping and slicing strokes. It also works as a spear. Traditionally, it was used as infantry weapon. Warriors used the weapon against horsemen. Still, it required more time and materials to create a nagamaki than a spears or a naginata sword, this is why it was not so widely spread.
The closest exemplar of real nagamaki you can see today is nagamaki-naoshi. It appears to be like a long katana-shaped halberd, but straighter and thinner, with a very long tsuka. In contrast to it naginata is shorter, wider and more curved to the tip.

Kaolinite
Kaolinite is a clay mineral with the chemical composition Al2Si2O5(OH). It is usually a soft, earthy, usually white mineral.

Newton_metre
Newton metre is the unit of moment in the SI system. It is abbreviated N m or N·m, and sometimes written with hyphen "newton-metre". It is a compound unit of torque corresponding to the torque from a force of one newton applied over a distance arm of one metre.
A newton metre is dimensionally equivalent to a joule.

Police_procedural
A police procedural is a television show about police officers solving mysteries. There are also books that are police procedurals, and movies like "The French Connection".

El_Puerto_de_Santa_María
El Puerto de Santa María (commonly called El Puerto) is a city located on the banks of the Guadalete River in the province of Cádiz, Spain. As of the 2005 census, the city has a population of 82,306 people. 50,000 of these people live in the urban center. The others live in the area around the urban center.
The city of El Puerto de Santa Maria is north east of Cadiz across the Bay of Cadiz. It is best known for its ferry, El Vaporcito, which has been used for 76 years. It takes passengers to and from Cadiz to El Puerto.
History.
In the Odyssey of Homer, legend says that, after the Trojan War, a Greek official named Menestheus escaped with his troops through the Straits of Gibraltar. They got to the Guadalete River and created a port. They called the port "Menestheus's port".
In 711, Arab (Moors) from the North of Africa invaded southern Spain. They changed the name to "Alcante" or "Alcanatif". The name means Port of Salt. They chose that name beacuse of the old salt industry of Phoenicians and Romans.
In 1260, Alfonso X of Castile took the city from the Moors. He renamed it "Santa María del Puerto".
Columbus began his second voyage to the New World from El Puerto. His pilot, Juan de la Cosa, created the first map of the world to include the coast of the New World in El Puerto in 1500. In the nineteenth century, the city became the General Headquarters for the French Army during the Spanish War of Independence under the reign of Jose Bonaparte (1801-1812). The city is has much history, museums and monuments. It is also near the very historical cities of Seville and Cádiz.
Tourism.
El Puerto has a famous bull ring. It dates back to 1880. The bull ring has space for 15,000 to watch. Bull fighting is still enjoyed during the Feria season, which is during the month of August, and during the Feria de la Primavera, which is in early May. This Feria is dedicated to sherry. 180,0000 half bottles of sherry get drunk in 4 days. There are several bodegas in the town centre. All of these can be visited by the public. The most famous bodega is the Osborne and Terry Bodegas. They export sherry and brandy worldwide. In the cellars in El Puerto, sherry is made using the traditional method called “solera”. This method makes the pale dry sherries to the sweet Muscatel sherry, Amontillados and the older Olorosos.
Local food.
El Puerto is an very good place to taste local tapas and seafood, for which it is famous. Food is an important reason why many tourists go to El Puerto de Santa Maria. The Bay of Cadiz is famous for it’s fresh fish. The fish and plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables leads to very good restaurant menus. There are many different types of places to eat all located with walking distance in the town centre.

Whorl
Whorl is a type of spiral pattern.

Emma_Caulfield
Emma Caulfield (born Emma Chukker in San Diego, California on April 8, 1973) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as ex-demon Anya on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".

List_of_garden_plants
This is a partial list of garden plants, plants that can be cultivated in the garden, listed alphabetically by genus.
__NOTOC__

Hoffmann_von_Fallersleben
August Heinrich Hoffmann (April 2, 1798 - January 19, 1874), who used Hoffmann von Fallersleben as his pen name, was a German poet. He is best known for writing "Das Lied der Deutschen", which is now the national anthem of Germany, and a number of popular children's songs.

Robert_F._Kennedy
Robert Francis "Bobby" Kennedy (November 20, 1925 – June 6, 1968), also called RFK, was the brother of former U.S. President John F. Kennedy. He ran for president in 1968, but was assassinated in California during the presidential primaries.

Claymore
The claymore is a Scottish sword. It is double-edged. The word itself is of Gaelic origins and means “great sword”. The Claymore is indeed a big sword and was held only with two hands. In some sources the broad claymore sword is called “claidheamh da lamh”, which means “two-hand sword”. It was very popular in the 16th century when Scottish warriors (highlanders) used it against the Englishmen.
The claymore sword was in average about 55 inches (1.4 m) - overall length, the blade was about 42-inch (1.07 m) long. It weighed around 5.5 lb (2.5 kg). It possessed a very broad blade and a slim channel for blood flood (fuller).
There also existed a version of Claymore that had a single-edged blade and a basket-shaped handle. The basket of the handle was used as protection to the hand. The blade was very long so the basket was designed for balance too. The making of these swords was widespread especially during the mid-1600s. The places where the claymore swords were made were: Edinburgh, Canongate, Stirling and Glasgow.
Beginning around 1350, very long claymore swords were used. The handles and the blades became longer. This was because of the heavy armour, that was almost impossible to penetrate. The Scottish Claymore was one of the two swords which could cut through the armour. The second was the Germanic Landsknecht sword.

Qi_Xi
Qi Xi, sometimes called Chinese Valentine's Day, Magpie Festival, or the Double Seventh Festival is a traditional romantic festival in China. It take places on the 7th day of the 7th lunar month and often goes into August on the Gregorian calendar.
The story of Cowherd and Weaver Girl.
Long, long ago, there was an honest and kind-hearted fellow named Niulang (Cowherd). His parents died when he was a child. Later, he was driven out of his home by his sister-in-law. So he lived by himself herding cattle and farming. One day, a fairy from heaven named Zhinü (Weaver Girl) fell in love with him. She secretly came down to earth and married him. Niulang farmed in the field and Zhinü wove at home. They lived a happy life and gave birth to a boy and a girl. Unfortunately, the God of Heaven soon found this out and ordered the Queen Mother of the Western Heavens to bring Zhinü back.
With the help of celestial cattle, Niulang flew to heaven with his son and daughter. When he was about to catch up with his wife, the Queen Mother took off one of her gold hairpins and scratched a river in the sky to separate the lovers. Niulang and Zhinü have been separated on the two banks ever since. Once a year all of the magpies in the world come to build a bridge for Niulang and Zhinü to meet each other. This meeting happens on the 7th day of the 7th lunar month. Because of this, their meeting is called "Qi Xi" (Double Seventh).
History.
Scholars have shown the Double Seventh Festival originated from the Han Dynasty (206 BC-AD 220). Historical documents from the Eastern Jin Dynasty (AD 371-420) mention the festival, while records from the Tang Dynasty (618-907) depict the grand evening banquet of Emperor Taizong and his concubines. By the Song (960-1279) and Yuan (1279-1368) dynasties, special articles for the Qi Xi were seen being sold on markets in the capital. The bustling markets demonstrated the significance of the festival.
Traditional celebrations.
Today some traditional customs are still observed in rural areas of China, but have been weakened or diluted in urban cities.
In the past, Qi Xi was not only a special day for lovers, but also for girls. It has been known as the "Begging for Skills Festival" or "Daughters' Festival."
In the past, girls would conduct a ceremony to beg Zhinü for wisdom, dexterity and a satisfying marriage in the future.
In some parts of the Shandong Province, young women offered fruit and pastries to pray for a bright mind. If spiders were seen to weave webs on sacrificial objects, it was believed the Weaving Girl was offering positive feedback.
In other regions, seven close friends would gather to make dumplings. They put into three separate dumplings a needle, a copper coin and a red date, which represented perfect needlework skills, good fortune and an early marriage.
Girls also held weaving and needlework competitions to see who had the best hands and the brightest mind, both important to being a good wife and mother in ancient China. Young women in southern China used to weave small handicrafts with colored paper, grass and thread. Afterwards, they competed to pass a thread through the eyes of seven needles in a single breath.
Japan.
The Japanese version of Qi Xi is called "Tanabata". It is held on July 7th. On the evening of the 7th, slips of paper are hung on bamboo trees. The notes contain desires that the person hopes will be fulfilled.

Air_Dolomiti
Air Dolomiti is a regional airline from in Verona in Italy. It is named after a section of the Alps known as The Dolomites. It is part of Lufthansa Regional connecting medium-size Italian airports to other European cities through Munich, Frankfurt am Main and Vienna airports. The airline employs 550 people.

Smart_card
A smart card is a card with a microchip in it. Such cards are used as a method of identification and authentication.
Plastic cards that allow to withdraw money from an cash machine often are smart cards nowadays (Some of them still have a magnetic stripe which holds the same information). The very often the user is identified with a PIN. If the pin is entered correctly, money can be withdrawn. If the PIN is not entered correctly, the card is blocked (after a number of false attempts).
At first, smart cards were used in public telephones in France, in 1983. There, the card simply stored a pre-paid credit. This credit was reduced when calls were made. Another way to solve the problem is that the balance is stored in a remote database. To make calls, a (usually toll-free number) is first called. From there, additional calls can be made. This eleiminates the need for cards with chips on them.

Gantt_chart
A Gantt chart is a type of bar chart that shows a project schedule. Gantt charts show the start and finish dates of the terminal elements and summary elements of a project. Terminal elements and summary elements comprise the work breakdown structure of the project. Some Gantt charts also show the dependency (i.e., precedence network) relationships between activities. Gantt charts can be used to show current schedule status using percent-complete shadings and a vertical "TODAY" line (also called "TIME NOW" or "DATA DATE"). It is an intrument or tool of the Project management invented by the engineer Henry L. Gannt.

David_II_of_Scotland
David II (March 5, 1324 – February 22, 1371) King of Scots, son of King Robert the Bruce by his second wife, Elizabeth de Burgh (d. 1327), was born at Dunfermline Palace, Fife.
He was married on July 17 1328 to Joan of the Tower (d. 1362), daughter of Edward II of England and Isabella of France.
David became king of Scotland after the death of his father on June 7, 1329. He was crowned at Scone in November 1331.
After the victory of Edward III of England in July 1333, David and his queen went to France. In June 1341 he came back and began to rule. In 1346 he invaded England, but was defeated and taken prisoner at the Battle of Neville's Cross on October 17, 1346, and remained in England for eleven years, living principally in London and at Odiham in Hampshire. In October 1357 he was allowed to go back to Scotland for a payment of 100,000 marks. The money was never paid completely.
In 1371 David died in Edinburgh Castle.

Finnish_paganism
Finnish paganism was a pagan religion in Finland and Karelia before Finnish people were Christians. Finnish paganism is close to Scandinavian paganism and Baltic paganism. Finns believed that there are many gods.
Finnish paganism was animistic. This means that they believed that nature was full of little and big spirits. Biggest spirits were gods and they had names. God of sky was Ukko, god of forest was Tapio and god of water was Ahti. There were many more spirits with names.
Shaman was a wise person who could do magic, they beileved, when spirits helped him. He could heal ill people and curse enemies.
Human had many souls. "Self" and "me" were two different souls. If "self"-soul left human he was not dead, but very ill. Shaman could go to spirit world to take the soul back.
Bear was a holy animal to them. If bear was killed to make food, he or she was celebrated with ritual called "Peijainen". Purpose and aim of the ritual was to make the sould of bear happy. Happy soul of bear wants to born in another body of bear. Then people can eat bears in the future, too. Swan was a holy bird. They believed if you killed a swan you died.
Some trees and stones were holy to them. Some forests were holy too. Close to holy places and things people made sacrifices. Sacrifice means that people gives a gift to a spirit. Gift makes spirit happy. Happy spirit then wants to help humans. For example happy spirit can give lots of fish to fisherman. At later times things that were given to spirits were small things like money, flowers, pieces of silver, alcohol or food. We do not know were people or animals killed to sacrifice them to gods.
Finns believed that Earth is flat like disc. Above Earth was sky-dome like a pot that is upside down. In the middle of Earth is a pillar that holds the sky making sky not to drop. North star is a nail in the top of this pillar. Land of dead people, Tuonela, was under Earth. Way to Tuonela was at the base of pillar that holds the sky. There was a great whirl of water called Kinahmi.
People hoped that their dead relatives goes to Tuonela because people did not like ghosts. However some times dead relatives were asked to help living people. Sometimes shamans went to Tuonela to ask souls to help.

Saprotroph
A Saprotroph (or Saprobe) is an organism that gets its energy from non-living organic matter. This may be decaying pieces of plants or animals. This means that saprobes are heterotrophs. They are consumers in the food chain. Many fungi are saprobes. This is also true for many bacteria and protozoa.
There is also an older name, Saprophyte for these kinds of organisms. "-phyte" usually means plant. The problem with that name was that no embryophytes (land plants) are true saprotrophs. Bacteria and fungi are no longer considered plants either.

Sheave_(mechanical)
A sheave (pronounced "shiv") is a wheel or roller with a groove along its edge for holding a belt, rope or cable. When hung between two supports and equipped with a belt, rope or cable, one or more sheaves make up a pulley. The words "sheave" and "pulley" are sometimes used interchangeably.

Hydroponics
Hydroponics or Hydroculture is the method of growing plants in the nutrients that they need instead of soil. There are many ways of doing it.

Gioachino_Rossini
Gioachino Rossini (born Pesaro 29 February 1792; died Passy 13 November 1868) was an Italian composer. He was the most famous composer of operas in his time. His operas had lots of new ideas. Italian operas had become rather unimaginative, with composers such as Cimarosa and Paisiello writing the same sort of thing each time. Rossini made his operas interesting by writing skillfully for the singers, giving them good tunes, as well as giving the orchestra interesting music, and by choosing a variety of stories for his operas. The opera for which he is best known today is the "Il Barbiere di Siviglia" ("The Barber of Seville"). Many of the overtures to his operas are played at orchestral concerts. The most popular is the overture to his opera "Guillaume Tell" ("William Tell") with its famous galloping tune.
During the last 40 years of his life Rossini wrote no more music. His friends begged him to write another opera but he always refused.
Life.
Rossini was born on 29 February of the leap year 1792. His birthplace was Pesaro, a small town in Italy on the Adriatic coast. His father played the horn in military bands and opera houses and his mother sang in operas. Often his parents toured together and the young Rossini was left in the care of his grandmother. The family eventually settled in Bologna. Rossini had lessons in singing, cello, piano and counterpoint. He did not like the counterpoint lessons, but it did help him to study different styles of music and he became very good at writing harmony in a clear way.
Early career.
Italian opera at this time needed a new composer to bring more life into it. Five of his first nine operas were written for the Teatro S Moise in Venice. Other theatres soon asked him to write operas. In 1812 he wrote "La pietra del paragone" for the Teatro alla Scala in Milan. It was a great success. Many of these early operas were comic operas (opera buffa). Sometimes he had to produce so many new operas that he kept reusing some of the music he had already written in another opera. Nevertheless they include a lot of fine music, and Rossini was developing his musical personality. His overtures have a fine sense of orchestral colour. He often started with a slow section and then went into fast music with a crescendo. Because he did this a lot it is often called a “Rossini crescendo” or “Rossini rocket”.
It was not easy for him to earn enough money to keep himself. He only got paid for the operas he took part in. There were no copyright laws in those days. The important singers were well paid, but the composers earned much less. We know very little about his life at this time, but we do know that he travelled a lot. His most famous operas from this period are "Tancredi", "La Gazza Ladra" ("The Thieving Magpie") and "Il barbiere di Siviglia" ("The Barber of Seville") which has often been called the greatest of all comic operas.
Mid career.
By 1815 Rossini’s operas were famous everywhere in Western Europe except in Naples. Neapolitan opera had been famous throughout the 18th century and the city was proud of its tradition. The Neapolitans did not want a young composer from the north to continue their operatic tradition. Nevertheless, Rossini soon won their hearts. He wrote for the Teatro S Carlo which had a fine orchestra and very good singers. He wrote many of his best serious operas (opera seria) for Naples, and this tradition which he built up made it possible for Verdi to take over thirty years later as Italy’s leading opera composer.
Later career.
Rossini’s international fame took him to Vienna where he met Beethoven. After returning to Italy for a while he travelled to Paris and England. He was only 31 years old and had written 34 operas. The Paris audiences already knew his operas. In London a Rossini Festival was organized. Most of the time in England he spent at social parties at the houses of rich people who were glad to pay him money to come and be their guest. Soon after this he settled in Paris for five years. He was director of the Théâtre-Italien until 1836. His two greatest operas from this period were "Le Comte Ory" (which was an opéra comique) and "Guillaume Tell" which was based on a play by Schiller. These works have beautifully flowing tunes (like Italian opera) as well as grand drama (like French opera).
Retirement.
In 1829, at the age of 37, Rossini decided to retire. He had lots of money and his health was not particularly good. Although he wrote a few small pieces of music he never composed another opera. He went back to Bologna, although he returned to Paris nearly 20 years later with his wife. Here his health improved and he wrote a little music. His "Petite messe solennelle" for 12 voices, two pianos and harmonium is still performed today. When he died in 1868 thousands of people came to his funeral.
Rossini’s place in music history.
Rossini’s music is a link between the Classical and the Romantic periods. He was brought up hearing 18th century opera, and much of his best known music is still Classical in style, but he developed a lot as he matured and was writing in a more Romantic way by the end of his career. He gradually stopped writing music which has set numbers all the time: music divided sharply into arias and recitative. His recitative became more expressive and was accompanied by the orchestra instead of by a harpsichord. This helped to make his music more continuous. He did not often write for castrati as they were going out of fashion. The chorus have an important part in the drama of his operas (in 18th century opera they just used to comment on what was going on).

Gaetano_Donizetti
Gaetano Donizetti (born Bergamo 29 November 1797; died Bergamo 8 April 1848) was an Italian composer. He was the most famous composer of operas in Italy in the years between the death of Bellini (1835) and the time when Verdi was becoming well-known. Bellini and Donizetti wrote operas in the bel canto style: music with beautiful, smooth melodies.
Donizetti’s family were very poor. His talent was discovered by Simon Mayr who was maestro di cappella (music director) at S Maria Maggiore in Bergamo. He opened a school which trained boys to sing in the church choir and gave them a good musical education. Donizetti learned a lot from Mayr and was always very grateful to him.
Donizetti’s first operas were performed in Venice. A rich lady who realized he was very talented paid so that he did not have to do military service. His opera "Zoraida di Granata" was very successful in Rome and he was given a contract for an opera for Naples. For several years he composed between two and five operas every year. They were not particularly successful. One of the reasons was that the libretti he was given (the words he had to set) were not very good.
In 1828 he married. None of their three children lived very long and his wife died in 1837 which made him very sad during his last years. This can be felt in his music.
His opera "Anna Bolena" made him internationally famous. It was performed in London and Paris. His opera "Maria Stuarda" was based on a play by Schiller. It was not popular at first. The audience did not like the tragic ending. Today it is recognized as containing some great music, especially in the final scene. After a visit to Paris he returned to Naples to produce "Lucia di Lammermoor" which was based on Scott’s novel "The Bride of Lammermoor". There is a French version as well as an Italian version of this opera.
In 1838 he moved to Paris where he had his operas performed in four theatres. Berlioz wrote very critical articles about him in a music journal. Donizetti had gone to Paris hoping that he would earn lots of money so that he could then retire, just like Rossini had done. However, his health was not good and he found it harder to concentrate. He managed to composed "Don Pasquale" which is one of the best comic operas every written, but it does have a lot of music that he had written earlier. He was obviously finding it difficult to think of new ideas. Soon he became really ill. He was suffering from syphilis. He was put in a sanatorium near Paris for 17 months. In 1847 some friends arranged for him to stay with them, but he was very ill by then. He was paralysed and almost unable to speak. His friends looked after him until he died.
He was buried in Bergamo. His remains are now in a church there. The house where he was born is a museum.

National_park
A national park is a park that was created by a nation's government. National parks are often made to protect the animals that live inside them or the land inside them. There are many National Parks in the world.
One example of a national park is Yellowstone National Park.

Philip_II_of_France
Philip II of France (August 21, 1165 – July 14, 1223), was King of France from 1180 to 1223.

Monte_Carlo
Monte Carlo is the capital city of Monaco, and the largest city there. Its area is 5 square km, and around four hundred people live there.
Monte Carlo is also the centre of gambling, politics, fireworks and culture. Monte Carlo has a lot of casinos, hotels and historical buildings.
Monte Carlo is one of Europe's leading tourist resorts. Within the casino complex is the Grand Théâtre de Monte Carlo, an opera and ballet house, and the headquarters of the Ballets de Monte Carlo.

Greater_London
Greater London is an administrative district. It covers London, England. About 7.5 million people live there.
It is also one of the regions of England used by the Government for various purposes, including administration, statistics and

Matter
Matter is the substance or material of which all things are made. Matter has mass. Most matter has volume. All things we can touch, taste or smell are matter.
What is Matter Made of?
Matter is made of small particles, too small for the eye to see. Most common matter is made of particles called atoms. Atoms are made of even smaller particles called subatomic particles.
The matter in the sun and the matter high in the air in a place called the ionosphere is made of ions. Ions are pieces of atoms, or atoms with an extra piece.
Forms of Matter.
Liquids and gases are both special types of fluids. The difference between liquids and gases is that liquids can have an edge. The edge of a liquid is called a surface.
Water is an unusual substance. Water can be found as liquid, solid and gas naturally on the earth. This is not true of any other natural material.
Properties of Matter.
Matter has a property called mass. Energy (sound, light, heat) does not have mass.
Matter attracts other matter with a force called gravity. Light is not matter, but its movement is changed by gravity as though it was matter. Usually light acts as a wave, but in special cases light acts as a particle.
In the twentieth century, people found that matter can be changed into energy and energy can be changed into matter. Some matter is changed into energy in an atomic bomb.
Changing states of matter.
The state of matter can be changed from one state to another. There are several ways to change the state of matter. For example, changing the temperature of matter can change its state. Changing the volume of matter can change its state.

Thong,_Kent
Thong is a village in Kent, England. It is south of Gravesend.

Ecosystem_valuation
Ecosystem valuation is a widely used tool to find out the impact of human activities on an environmental system. It is done by giving an economic value to an ecosystem or its ecosystem services.
Value of ecosystem services.
The simplest form of ecosystem valuation is that one looks at an ecosystem as if its ecological yield had the same value as it would be on commodity markets. That means one looks at the value of water, wood, fish or game, that is produced in that ecosystem. Thus, a price can be put on the natural capital of an ecosystem based on the price of natural resources it yields each year.
More complex arguments in ecosystem valuation regard nature's services and the assignment of values in a service economy to all that nature does "for humans". Studies compiled by Robert Costanza in the 1990s argued strongly that even just considering the most basic seventeen of these services, the combined value of the ecosystems of the earth was worth more (US$33T) each year than the whole human exchange economy (US$25T) at that time (1995). Other studies have focused on the marginal value of ecosystem changes, which can be used in cost-benefit analysis of environmental policies.
In Natural Capitalism, 1999, Paul Hawken, Amory Lovins and Hunter Lovins advanced an argument to assign the value of Earth in current currency. "See value of Earth article for that and other examples of this extreme case of ecosystem valuation - biosphere valuation."
Methods to estimate the value of ecosystem services which cannot be derived from market prices include "stated preference" methods and "revealed preference" methods. Stated preference methods, such as the contingent valuation method ask people for their willingness to pay for a certain ecosystem (service). Revealed preference methods, such as hedonic pricing and the travel cost method, use a relation with a market good or service to estimate the willingness-to-pay for the service.
Is valuation economics, or ecology?
Considering "valuation" as an "economic not ecological issue" reflects the way these fields divide of the activities of humans versus non-humans in "making a living". When humans go out to get food or homes, that is studied in "economics", but when non-humans do it, that is "ecology", though it is clear that there are motivations, methods and certainly bodily needs in common.
Since animals do not put explicit prices on ecosystems they use, but do behave as if they are valuable, e.g. by defending turf or access to water, it is mostly a matter of definition whether ecology should include valuation as an issue. It may be anthropocentric to do so, since "valuation" more clearly refers to a human perception rather than being an "objective" attribute of the system perceived. Ecology itself is also human perception, and such related concepts as a food chain are constructed by humans to help them understand ecosystems. In many cases by those who hold that markets and pricing exist independently of any individual human observers and "users", and especially those who deem markets to be "out of control", ecosystem valuation is considered a (marginal, ignored) part of economics.
Some versions of conflict theory focus on the role of resource scarcity in sparking or propagating human conflicts - in effect holding that the resources or ecosystems they fight over are being held so valuable that they are worth considerable risk of harm to control. This is at least a relative notion of value and value at risk applied to ecosystem.

Amnesty_International
Amnesty International (also called AI or Amnesty) is an international organisation. They fight for human rights. For example, they help people who have been put in prison for their political beliefs. Amnesty International also fights to end the use of death penalty worldwide.

My_Lai_Massacre
The My Lai Massacre (pronounced IPA: [mi.˧˩˥'lɐːj˧˧], Thảm sát Mỹ Lai, Thảm sát Sơn Mỹ) was the killing of hundreds of civilians by United States troops at the village of My Lai, Vietnam on March 16, 1968. A memorial in My Lai lists the names of 504 victims.
Before the massacre, U.S. troops were told that all of the "true" civilians would be at the market and the remaining people would be members of the National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam. When the soldiers got to the village they did not find any NLF troops. Despite this, many troopers began to kill the villagers, mainly elderly people, women, and children.
The killings were stopped by an American helicopter pilot.
The killings were covered up by the United States Army, but eventually 26 soldiers were charged with being involved in the killings. However, only one, Lieutenant William Calley was found guilty.
The massacre caused public opinion in the United States to shift further towards wanting peace.

Granma_province
Granma is one of the provinces of Cuba. Its capital is Bayamo. Other towns on it include Manzanillo (a port on the Gulf of Guacanayabo) and Pilón.
History.
The province was named after the yacht "Granma", used by Che Guevara and Fidel Castro to land in Cuba with 82 guerrillas in 1956. The American who sold them the secondhand yacht in Mexico apparently had named it after his grandmother and so the name of this vessel, with its non-standard spelling, became an icon for Cuban communism. Not every Cuban realizes that the name would translate as "abuela," although all can name the mothership of the revolution.
Results.
The province is full of reminders of the Cuban Revolution, and the Cuban Wars of Independence. There are many plaques in the mountains that commemorate the struggle against Fulgencio Batista.The struggle took place in 1959.
It is believed there are many unmarked grave sites from the different wars. The sites of the various palenques, the fortified hamlets of escaped slaves can be found. These have been uncovered by archaeological digs. Most of these are not specially marked. Recently a hurricane destroyed the site of Castro's headquarters at La Plata.
Economy.
There are numerous abandoned gold, silver, and manganese mine sites. This is the area where Raúl Castro holds his centre of power and it is said to be the site of secret garrisons.
Coffee is grown in the mountainous regions of the province, and during the coffee harvest, there may be road blocks, where soldiers ensure that the coffee is delivered to the government and not the black market.

Matanzas_province
Matanzas is one of the provinces of Cuba.
Major towns.
Major towns in the province include Cárdenas, Jovellanos and the capital of the same name, Matanzas. The resort town of Varadero is also located in this province.
Geographical location and appearance.
The second largest in Cuba, Matanzas province is largely flat, with its highest point (Pan de Matanzas) at only 380m above sea level.
The north coast has numerous small cays of its coast, and scrubland and mangroves near the shoreline.
The southern coast has one of Cuba's most distinctive features: an enormous marsh, Ciénaga de Zapata that covers both the southern part of the province and the peninsula of the same name. East of the peninsula lies the Bay of Pigs, the site of the failed US backed invasion.
Economy.
Of Cuba's provinces, Matanzas is one of the most industrialised, with petroleum wells, refineries, supertanker facilities, and 21 sugar mills to process the harvests of the fields of sugarcane in the province.

Heinrich_Himmler
Heinrich Himmler (October 7, 1900 - May 23, 1945) was the leader of the German SS and Gestapo organisation. Hitler ordered his arrest after Himmler offered peace to allies. He killed himself when he was a prisoner of the British Army after Germany had lost World War II. Himmler's father was teacher and headmaster.
Himmler and the Holocaust.
Himmler's SS (the"Totenkopfverbände") organized and administered Germany’s regime of concentration camps and, after 1941, the holocaust in Poland. The SS, through its Security Service ("Sicherheitsdienst", or SD), hunted down Jews, Gypsies, communists and any persons who the Nazis believed to be either "Untermensch" (sub-human) or against the regime. They were brought to concentration camps. Himmler opened the first of these camps at Dachau on 22 March 1933.
Unlike Hitler, Himmler inspected concentration camps. In August 1941, he saw many Jews being shot in Minsk. It was said that he turned green in the face after brainmatter from one of the Jews splashed onto his coat. His assistant had to jump forward and hold him steady. After that, the Nazis searched for a new and easier way to kill. This led to the use of the gas chambers.
Posen speech.
On 4 October 1943, Himmler spoke of the extermination of the Jewish people during a secret SS meeting in the city of Poznań (Posen). The following are parts from an audio recording of the speech:I also want to mention a very difficult subject before you here, completely openly. It should be discussed amongst us, and yet, nevertheless, we will never speak about it in public. I am talking about the Jewish evacuation: the extermination of the Jewish people. It is one of those things that is easily said. "The Jewish people are being exterminated," every Party member will tell you: "Perfectly clear, it’s part of our plans, we’re eliminating the Jews, exterminating them, ha!, a small matter."

George_Bernard_Shaw
George Bernard Shaw (July 26, 1856 - November 2, 1950) was an Irish writer. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1925.
His best known works are his plays, some of which were made into movies.
"Saint Joan" was made into a movie in 1957.
"Pygmalion" was made into a movie two times. The first "Pygmalion" movie won an Academy Award in 1938. Later, the play was made into a musical called "My Fair Lady". The movie based on the musical won 8 Academy Awards in 1964.
Shaw also wrote musical criticism using the pseudonym (made-up name) Corno di Bassetto (which means: Basset horn).
Shaw was a vegetarian, did not drink alcohol, and spoke strongly about socialism and women's rights. He was also interested in making the English language easier to spell.
In his will, he left money to be used to make a new alphabet. He wanted the new alphabet to have at least 40 letters, so that each sound could be spelled with just one letter.
In 1962, his play "Androcles and the Lion" was printed in a two-language version. On one side of the book, the text is written using regular English. On the other side, it is written using the Shaw alphabet.

Steve_Ballmer
Steve Ballmer (born March 24, 1956 in Detroit, Michigan), is the CEO of the Microsoft Corporation. He is the 24th richest person in the world. He is known to yell loudly to give his thoughts. He needed surgery in 1991 after yelling "Windows, Windows, Windows" in Japan. He is also known for viral videos (videos which are famous online), such as "Monkey boy" where he is dancing and yelling uncontrollably for 45 seconds. Another video is where while he is sweating a lot, yelling "developers, developers, developers" until the audience starts clapping.

19
19 is a year in the 1st century.

29
29 is a year in the 1st century.

Heartbeat
Heart sounds are the sounds that the heart makes when it pumps blood. These sounds are also called the heartbeat. A change in heart sounds might mean illness. There are normaly four heart sounds out of which two (S1 and S2)are heard with stethoscope and two are not heard but seen on phonocadogram they are S3 and S4. There are many other heart sound which are abnormal can be heard are seen.

Cataphile
A cataphile, also known as an urban explorer or "kata", is a person who illegally explores the catacombs underneath Paris, France. The catacombs go on for approximately 186 miles. The cataphiles carry maps, usually made by hand.

Ring_(mathematics)
In mathematics a ring is a certain kind of algebraic structure. Both addition and multiplication of the elements in the ring are defined and have certain properties, like the property that "x" + "y" = "y" + "x" for every "x" and every "y" in the ring. A ring is a generalization of the integers. Other examples are polynomials, and integers modulo a certain number formula_1.

Oligopoly
In economics, an oligopoly is when a market is controlled by a small number of sellers. Very often, there are only 3 or 4 of them. Oligopolies are very common. The main feature of the oligopoly is that a decision made by one market player influences the whole market.
Examples.
In many countries, some country-held companies were privatized. Very often, this privatization lead to oligopolies. In many countries, there are only a handful of companies providing networks for mobile phones. They control the prices for accessing the network. That is why using a mobile phone is often much more expensive than using a land line one.

St_Andrews
St Andrews is a town, that has its name from Saint Andrew the Apostle and is a former royal burgh on the east coast of Fife, Scotland, and an important home of golf. It has a population of about 18 000, and stands on the North Sea coast between Edinburgh and Dundee. It is home to Scotland's oldest university, the "University of St Andrews".
The town is called "home of golf" for two reasons. First, the "Royal and Ancient Golf Club", founded in 1754,has authority over the game worldwide except in the USA and Mexico. Second, the beautiful "links" (acquired by the town in 1894) is the most frequent venue for The Open Championship, the oldest of golf's four major championships.
Visitors travel to St Andrews in great numbers for several courses ranked amongst the finest in the world, as well as for the sandy beaches.
Cathedral.
The Cathedral of St Andrew was at one time Scotland's largest building. It was founded by Bishop Robert (1122 - 1159). It was not completed and consecrated until 1318 in the reign of Robert the Bruce (1306-29).
St Rule's Tower.
St Rule's tower stands in the Cathedral grounds but is older than the cathedral. Probably it was part of the Cathedral up to the early 12th century.
Castle.
The ruins of "St Andrews Castle" stand on a rock at the sea. It is said that Bishop Roger erected the first stone castle on the site about the beginning of the 13th century as an episcopal residence.
The University of St Andrews.
The University of St Andrews owed its origin to a society formed in 1410 by Lawrence of Lindores, abbot of Scone and a few others.
The University library, which now includes the older college libraries, was founded about the middle of the 17th century, rebuilt in 1764, and improved in 1829 and 1889 - 1890.
The modern buildings, in the Jacobean style, were erected between 1827 and 1847. University College, Dundee, became in 1890 affiliated to the University of St Andrews.

Saturn_automobile
Saturn is an automobile maker, owned by General Motors, established on January 7, 1985. Saturns are sold in the United States and Canada, some even being sold in Japan. They are currently known for European styling, and no-haggle pricing; while in times past their most notable feature was plastic body panels.

Abalone
Abalone (from Spanish "Abulón") are a type of shellfish.
Abalone are known by their richly coloured inside shell. This is also called ear-shell, "ormer" in Guernsey, "perlemoen" in South Africa, and "pāua" in New Zealand.
The meat of this shellfish is considered to be delicious in certain parts of Latin America (especially Chile), South East Asia, and East Asia (especially in China, Japan, and Korea).
Description.
Abalones occur all over the world. It is present along the waters of every continent, except the Atlantic coast of South America, the Caribbean, and the East Coast of the United States. Most abalones are found mainly in cold waters, along the coasts of New Zealand, South Africa and Australia, and Western North America and Japan in the Northern Hemisphere. In the Chilean vast Pacific coast, the species called loco ("Concholepas Concholepas", Bruguière, 1789) has a hard shell of a pitch-black color, and is widely eaten.
Abalone has unmistakable features: the shell is round to oval, with two to three whorls, and the last one is grown into a large "ear"-like shape, giving rise to the name 'ear-shell'. The inside of the shell is shiny coloured, from silvery white to green-red mother-of-pearl.
Abalones can start to reproduce at a small size. Their fertility is high and increases with size (from 10,000 to 11 million eggs at a time).
The young of albalones, called larvae, feed on plankton. The adults are eat plants and feed on algae. They prefer red algae. Sizes range from 20 mm to 200 mm or more.
Abalone shell.
The shell of the abalone is known for being very strong. It is made of very tiny calcium carbonate tiles stacked like bricks. Between the layers of tiles is a sticky protein substance. Allergic skin reactions and asthma attacks can also occur when breathing in the dust when these tiles are broken down.
The colorful inside of the abalone shell can be used for decorative inlays, in guitars, for example.
California.
Sport harvesting of Red Abalone is permitted with a California fishing license and an abalone stamp card. Abalone may only be taken using breath-hold techniques: freediving or shorepicking. SCUBA diving for abalone is strictly prohibited. Taking of abalone is not permitted south of the mouth of the San Francisco Bay. There is a size minimum of seven inches measured across the shell and a quantity limit of three per day and 24 per year. Abalone may only be taken in April, May, June, August, September, October and November; abalone may not be taken in July, December, January, February or March. Transportation of abalone may only legally occur while the abalone is still attached in the shell. Sale of sport obtained abalone is illegal, including the shell. Only Red Abalone may be taken; black, white, pink, and flat abalone are protected by law.
An abalone diver is normally equipped with a very thick wetsuit, including a hood, booties, and gloves. He or she would also wear a mask, snorkel, weight belt, abalone iron, and abalone gauge. It is common to take abalone in water a few inches up to 10 m/28' deep; less common are freedivers who can work deeper than 10 m/28'. Abalone are normally found on rocks near food sources (kelp). An abalone iron is used to pry the abalone from the rock before it can fully clamp down. Visibility is normally five to ten feet. Divers commonly dive out of boats, kayaks, tube floats or directly off the shore. An eight inch abalone is considered a good catch, a nine inch would be extremely good, and a ten inch plus (250 mm) abalone would be a trophy catch. Rock- or shore-picking is a separate method from diving where the rock picker feels underneath rocks at low tides for abalone.
There has been a trade in diving to catch abalones off parts of the United States coast from before 1939. In World War II, many of these abalone divers were recruited into the United States armed forces and trained as frogmen.
Farming.
There have been a number of attempts to artificially grow (farm) abalone for the purpose of consumption.

Dunkirk
Dunkirk (French: "Dunkerque", pronounced or; Dutch: "Duinkerke" or "Duinkerken"; German: "Dünkirchen" or "Dünkirche") is a harbour city in the northernmost part of France, in the department of Nord, 10 kilometres (6 mi) from the Belgian border.
Population of the city (commune) at 1999 was 70,850 inhabitants (71,300 inhabitants as of February 2004 estimates). Population of the whole metropolitan area was 265,974 inhabitants at the 1999 census.
Until the middle of the 20th century the city was situated in the Dutch language area; today the local Dutch dialect still can be found but has been largely replaced by French.
History.
Dunkirk was first mentioned in 1067 as "Dunkerk" (Dutch: “Church of the Dunes”).
In World War II, heavy fighting took place around Dunkirk during the German invasion in 1940 (Battle of Dunkirk), but a lull in the action unexpectedly allowed a large number of French and British soldiers to escape to England. The British evacuation of Dunkirk through the English Channel was codenamed "Operation Dynamo".
During the war, Dunkirk was largely destroyed by bombing.
Postwar Dunkirk.
On 14 December 2002, the Norwegian auto carrier "Tricolor" collided with the Bahamian-registered "Kariba" and sank off Dunkirk harbour, causing a hazard to navigation in the English Channel.
Economy.
Dunkirk has the third largest harbour in France, after those of Le Havre and Marseille. It is also an industrial city, heavily dependent on the steel, food processing, oil refining, ship building and chemical industries.
Transport.
Dunkirk has a ferry connection with Dover in England.

Extant_taxon
In biology, the extant taxon is a term used to refer to species, genera or families that are still in existence (living). The opposite is extinct taxon. Of the group of molluscs known as the cephalopods, there are approximately 600 extant species and 7500 extinct species (Barnes, 1987).

1375
1375 is a year in the 14th century.

Claudio_Arrau
Claudio Arrau León (February 6, 1903 - June 9, 1991) was a Chilean classical pianist and one of the greatest classical pianists of the 20th century.
Arrau started to play the piano as a boy and was giving concerts at the age of 5. The Chilean government heard of the child prodigy and quickly organized to have him sent to Germany to study with the best music teachers. At the age of 7 Arrau started serious study of music in Germany at the Stern Conservatory, Berlin.
By the age of 11, Arrau was playing like a master, and performed the works of Liszt, Chopin and Brahms in recitals.
Later in life Arrau became an important teacher of the piano and taught some of the most famous pianists in the world. Arrau married Ruth Schneider, an opera singer, and settled in the United States. Throughout his career he won the highest awards for piano playing. He died in Austria in 1991.

Gold_(color)
Gold or golden is a yellowish orange color, that is a bit like the color of the metal gold.
Meaning of gold.
Gold represents wealth because the metal gold is valuable.
Gold represents "accomplishment", as when an athlete wins a "Gold Medal" at the Olympics or when a musician makes a "Gold Record" (a record that sells at least 1,000,000 copies).

Brain_stem
The brain stem is the lowest part of the brain. It connects the other parts of the brain (the cerebrum and cerebellum) to the spinal cord.
The brain stem controls many bodily functions of which we are not normally aware, such as breathing and sweating.

Freedom_fighter
A Freedom fighter is a person who thinks his native ethnic group is not free, and is working to have freedom for his group. Most often this means in that a freedom fighter wants his people to have own nation and independency and/or to get rid of oppressors. People who think like this are said to think in a nationalist way.
Freedom fighter is a "relativistic" term - this means a person decides by his or her point of view if he call some persons or groups freedom fighters or not. Freedom fighter is a "positive" term - this means that he or she calls a person "freedom fighter" only if he or she supports the goals of the freedom fighter. If people do not support his goals, they probably use more "negative" terms like insurgent, terrorist, rebel or criminal. Freedom fighters are often called terrorists by their opponents if they hurt civilians. However not all freedom fighters hurt civilians. Some freedom fighters damage the opposing military. Some freedom fighters damage property - this is called sabotage. There are also freedom fighters who does not use violence at all. For example the Mahatma Gandhi and theDalai Lama.
"Freedom Fighters".
These are examples of groups who calls themselves freedom fighters.

Captain
A Captain is a military rank. Captains are officers in the army. In the navy, captains command an entire ship. Another type of captain is a commander of a ship who is not in the military. There are also captains in other uniformed organisations, including the police.

Identity_element
In mathematics, the identity element (or neutral element) of a set is a special element of that set. It is special because if it is combined with another element of that set, it does not change the other element.
With addition, the identity element is 0, because adding 0 to some number does not change the number. With multiplication, it is 1.

Claudius
Tiberius Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus (August 1, 10 BC – October 13, 54) (called Claudius for short) was the fourth Roman Emperor of the Julio-Claudian dynasty. He ruled from January 24, 41 to his death in 54.
Claudius had trouble speaking and walked badly. His family did not like him and would not give him a job. He wrote history books for most of his life. After his nephew, the ruler Caligula, was killed in 41, Claudius became emperor, or ruler of Rome. He was the last living person in his family.
Claudius built water works, bridges, and roads. He added Britain to the Roman empire. He ran a census, where he counted everyone who lived in the empire. He married Agrippina and adopted her son, Nero. Agrippina killed Claudius with bad mushrooms. Nero became the 5th Roman emperor.

Congress
In politics, a congress is the main legislative group that makes the laws for a state. The word congress can also mean a meeting of people, as in the Trades Union Congress(TUC), of the United Kingdom, a meeting of trade unions.

Lisa_Loeb
Lisa Anne Loeb (born March 11, 1968 in Bethesda, Maryland) is an American singer. She sings the song "Stay (I Missed You)".

Leonhard_Euler
Leonhard Euler (pronounced "Oiler") (April 15, 1707 – September 7, 1783) was a Swiss mathematician and physicist. He spent most of his life in Russia and Germany.
Euler made important discoveries in fields like calculus and topology. He also made many of the words used in math today. He invented the idea of a mathematical function. He is also known for his work in mechanics, optics, and astronomy.
Euler is considered to be the most important mathematician of the 18th century and one of the greatest of all time. He is also one of the mathematicians who wrote the most. His collected works fill 60–80 volumes. Another mathematician, Pierre-Simon Laplace said, "Read Euler, read Euler, he is a master for us all".
Euler was featured on the sixth series of the Swiss 10-franc bill and on numerous Swiss, German, and Russian postage stamps. The asteroid 2002 Euler was named in his honor. He is also celebrated by the Lutheran Church on their Calendar of Saints on May 24.

Tarsier
The tarsiers are prosimian primates. They got their name because they have very long tarsus bones in their feet.
Body shape.
Tarsiers have enormous eyes and long feet. Their feet have very long bones. Most tarsiers are nocturnal. They primarily eat insects, and catch insects by jumping at them. They are also known to eat birds and snakes. Pregnancy takes about six months. Tarsiers give birth to single offspring.
Once found in Asia, Europe and North America, tarsiers are now only found on several Southeast Asian islands including the Philippines, Sulawesi, Borneo, and Sumatra.
They also have the longest continuous fossil record of any primate. The fossil record suggests that their dental pattern and shape hasn't changed in 45 million years.
Unlike many nocturnal animals, tarsiers lack a light-reflecting area (tapetum lucidum) of the eye. They also have a fovea, atypical for nocturnal animals.
The tarsier is also known to be the inspiration for the famous movie character Yoda of Star Wars due to its small size but excellent hunting skills. Tarsiers can catch prey like birds even if they are in motion as the tarsiers jump from tree to tree to catch their prey.
Conservation status.
One tarsier species, Dian's Tarsier ("Tarsius dentatus"), is listed by on the IUCN Red List as being "lower Risk - Conservation Dependent". Two other species/sub-species, Horsfield's Tarsier ("Tarsius bancanus"), "Tarsius bancanus bancanus", are listed as "Lower Risk - Least Concern". The Spectral Tarsier ("Tarsius spectrum") is categorized as "Lower Risk, Not Threatened." All other tarsier species are listed as "Data Deficient".

Columbia_Pictures
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. is an American company that produces movies and television shows. It is part of the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group, which is owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment. Sony Pictures is part of the Japanese company Sony.

Anvil
An anvil is a hard piece of metal which is used as a workbench when making things out of iron or steel. An anvil is used by a blacksmith when he needs to hammer hot iron to bend it into the shape he wants. A blacksmith can make new shoes for horses.
Anvils were known in the Bronze Age and possibly earlier. They were used in Ancient Greece and Ancient Egypt. They are still in use today, although not nearly as much as 100 years ago when there were many more horses.
Anvils are extremely heavy. They are made in different sizes. The 17th century writer John Bunyan was a tinker (someone who mends pots and pans). He walked around the villages of Bedfordshire with a small anvil and a few tools on his back. His anvil was wedge-shaped, so that he could knock it into the ground when he needed to do a repair. His anvil is now in the John Bunyan museum in Bedford.
Use as a musical instrument.
The anvil has sometimes been used as a percussion instrument because it makes a very loud sound when hit by the hammer. Usually musicians use a metal bar mounted on a sound-box. This sounds just as good as a real anvil (which would be very heavy to carry around).
Verdi wrote some famous music called the "Anvil Chorus" in his opera "Il Trovatore". Wagner asked for 18 anvils in "Das Rheingold" in the scene which takes place below the earth where the Nibelungs are working at their forges. Johann Strauss II wrote an "Anvil Polka", Varèse used an anvil in "Ionisation", Walton uses an anvil in "Belshazzar’s Feast" and there is an anvil in the orchestra in Howard Shore's music for the "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy.

Valence-sur-Baïse
Valence-sur-Baïse is a city in the Gers department of the Midi-Pyrénees region in France. It is near Condom-en-Armagnac. It was founded in 1274 by Gerald V, Count of Armagnac, and the Cistercian Abbey of Flaran as a Bastide (a fortified city). In 1999, 1151 people lived there. There is a old cisercian abbey at the place. Today the abbey serves as a cultural center. There is also a public washing basin, and a port, where ships can land.

Tigranes_the_Great
Tigranes the Great (Armenian: Տիգրան Մեծ, Greek: Τιγράνης ο Μέγας) (ruled 95 BCE–55 BCE) (also called Tigranes II and sometimes Tigranes I) was the king of Armenia his country became for a short time the strongest state in the Roman East.
Tigranes was born around 140 BCE and was the son or nephew of Artavasdes I or Tigranes I.
Tigranes the Great represented the Artaxiad Royal House.
He was involved in many battles during his reign. He had battles against the Parthian, Seleucid, and Roman empires.

Midi-Pyrénées
Midi-Pyrenees (French: Midi-Pyrénées) is a region in the south of France. With over 45.000 square kilometers, it is the biggest region of mainland France. There are 8 French departments in it. Its capital is Toulouse. About 2.5 mililon people live there, 850.00 of them in the urban area of Toulouse.

Languedoc-Roussillon
Languedoc-Roussillon is a region of France. It is all to the south, next to Spain and Andorra. Its capital is Montpellier. About 2.3 million people live in the region. 250.000 of those live in the capital.
The local economy is centered around the sun. It provides the pillar of the two main branches agriculture and tourism.

Ajaccio
Ajaccio (Latin: "Ajax"; French: "Ajaccio"; Corsican: "Aiacciu"), pronounced "ah-YAH-cho", is a town of France. It is the capital of the "territorial collectivity" of Corsica and the prefecture of the department of Corse-du-Sud.
Geography.
Ajaccio lies on the west coast of the island of Corsica in a sheltered position at the foot of wooded hills on the northern shore of the Gulf of Ajaccio. The harbour lies to the east of the town and is protected on the south by a peninsula.

Nottinghamshire
Nottinghamshire (abbreviated Notts) is a county in the East Midlands, which borders South Yorkshire, North Lincolnshire, Lincolnshire, Leicestershire and Derbyshire. The county town is traditionally Nottingham, at, though the council is now based in West Bridgford (at a site facing Nottingham over the River Trent).
The districts of Nottinghamshire are Ashfield, Bassetlaw, Broxtowe, Gedling, Mansfield, Newark and Sherwood, and Rushcliffe. The City of Nottingham was administratively part of Nottinghamshire between 1974 and 1998 but is now a unitary authority although it remains part of the county.
Culture.
Nottinghamshire contains the ancestral home of the poet Lord Byron, Newstead Abbey, which he sold in 1818. It is now owned by Nottingham City Council and open to the public.
Settlements and communications.
The traditional county town, and the largest settlement in the historic and ceremonial county boundaries, is Nottingham. The City is now administratively independent, but suburbs including Arnold, Carlton, West Bridgford, Beeston and Stapleford are still within the administrative county and West Bridgford is now home of the county council.

Seleucid_Empire
The Seleucid Empire was a Hellenistic successor state of Alexander the Great's dominion. At its greatest extent, the Empire comprised central Anatolia, the Levant, Mesopotamia, Persia, Turkmenistan, Pamir and the Indus Valley.
There were over 30 kings of the Seleucid dynasty from 323 to 60 BC.
The partition of Alexander's empire (323-281 BC).
Alexander the Great had conquered the Persian Empire later he died young, leaving his huge empire of partly Hellenized culture without an adult heir. The empire was put under the property of a regent in the person of Perdiccas in 323 BC, and the territories were divided between Alexander's generals, who thereby became satraps, at the Partition of Babylon in 323 BC.

William_Petty,_2nd_Earl_of_Shelburne
William Petty, 1st Marquess of Lansdowne, KG, PC (2 May 1737 – 7 May 1805) was a British Whig statesman and Prime Minister of Great Britain. He was born William FitzMaurice in Dublin in Ireland. Petty was known historically as The Earl of Shelburne.

History_of_Armenia
The history of Armenia and Armenians is very ancient and can go back at least 2000 BC. Archaeologists say the Shulaveri-Shomu culture of the central Transcaucasus region, and Armenia today, as the earliest known prehistoric culture in the area, carbon-dated to around 6000 - 4000 BC. But, a newer discovered tomb has been dated to 9000 BC. Another early culture in the Armenian Highlands and surrounding areas—the Kura-Araxes culture is in the period of ca. 4000 - 2200 BC, and is believed to have to go into the Trialeti culture (ca. 2200 - 1500 BC), and meaning Armenians are one of the oldest Indo-European subgroups.
Urartu.
Urartu was an ancient kingdom in the Armenian Highlands.
Some experts say that the Armenians started as a mixture of the different peoples to move through the area in history: The Hurrians, Urarteans, Luvians and Mushki. This last group, also knowns as Phrygians may have brought their Indo-European language to Armenia. The Armenian language today is Indo-European, but shows a lot of influence from the earlier languages, especially Urartean.

French_overseas_collectivities
The Overseas collectivities (French: "collectivité d'outre-mer" or "COM"), are an administrative division of France. These territories include some former overseas territories and other French overseas holdings with a particular status. all of these were given the name "collectivités d'outre-mer" because of a constitutional reform on March 28, 2003.

Newtonian_telescope
A Newtonian telescope is a type of telescope that was invented by the English scientist Sir Isaac Newton. The telescope sends an image to the back of the tube and then reflects it off a mirror back up the tube. The image then goes into an angled eyepiece and into the person's eye. The tube usually has many lenses that are used to make the image larger.

Foyle's_War
"Foyle's War" is a detective show, running from October 27, 2002 to now. It has aired 5 series so far, with a final 6th series soon to be made in 2007.

Henry_Addington,_1st_Viscount_Sidmouth
Henry Addington, 1st Viscount Sidmouth, PC (30 May 1757 – 15 February 1844) was a British statesman. He was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1804.
His father was a physician specialising in the treatment of mental illness. His father was one of George III's doctors and this resulted in Addington being known (in no friendly spirit) as "The Doctor". Before becoming Prime Minister he had been Speaker of the House of Commons.
He tried but failed to negotiate a lasting peace with Napoleon's France.
He was not well regarded as Prime Minister and his capabilities were summed up in the rhyme: "Pitt is to Addington as London is to Paddington". As Viscount Sidmouth, he was a very reactionary Home Secretary in the Government of the Earl of Liverpool but he was eventually persuaded to retire in favour of Sir Robert Peel.

Edward_Smith-Stanley,_14th_Earl_of_Derby
Edward George Geoffrey Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby, KG, PC (29 March 1799 – 23 October 1869) was an English statesman. He served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom three times. To date, Derby was the longest serving leader of the Conservative Party. Derby is one of only four British Prime Ministers to have been in office three or more times. However each time he was only in office for less than two years. Derby was Prime Minister for a total of just over four years, less than many other Prime Ministers.

Alexandre_Dumas,_fils
Alexandre Dumas, fils (fils is French for "son"), (July 27, 1824 – November 27, 1895) was the son of Alexandre Dumas, père, père is French for "father"). Like his father, Alexandre Dumas, fils was a celebrated author and playwright.
Alexandre Dumas "fils" was born in Paris, France, the illegitimate child of Marie-Catherine Labay, a dressmaker, and novelist Alexandre Dumas. In 1831 his father legally recognized him (he adopted him) and ensured the young Dumas received the best education possible at the Institution Goubaux and the College Bourbon. At that time, the law allowed the elder Dumas to take the child away from his mother. Her agony inspired Dumas "fils" to write about tragic female characters. In almost all of his writings, he emphasized the moral purpose of literature and in his 1858 play, "Le fils naturel" ("The Illegitimate Son"), he wrote about the belief that if a man fathers an illegitimate child, then he has an obligation to legitimize the child and marry the woman.
Dumas' paternal great-grandparents were a white French nobleman and a young black Haitian woman. In the boarding schools, Dumas "fils" was constantly taunted by his classmates. These issues all profoundly influenced his thoughts, behaviour, and writing.
In 1844 Dumas "fils" moved to Saint-Germain-en-Laye to live with his father. There, he met Marie Duplessis, a young courtesan who would be the inspiration for his romantic novel, "La dame aux camélias" ("The Lady of the Camellias"). Adapted into a play, it was titled in English (especially in the United States) as "Camille" and is the basis for Verdi's 1853 opera, "La Traviata". Although he admitted that he had done the adaptation because he needed the money, he had a huge success with the play. With this work began the playwriting career of Dumas "fils" which not only eclipsed that of his father during his lifetime but also dominated the serious French stage for most of the second half of the nineteenth century. After this, he virtually abandoned the novel (though his semi-autobiographical "L'Affaire Clemenceau" (1867) achieved some success).
In 1864, Alexandre Dumas the son married Nadeja Naryschkine, with whom he had a daughter. After Naryschkine's death, he married Henriette Regnier.
In 1874, he was admitted to the Academie francaise and in 1894 he was awarded the "Légion d'Honneur".
Alexandre Dumas the son died at Marly-le-Roi, Yvelines, on November 27, 1895 and was interred in the Cimetière de Montmartre in Paris. It was, perhaps coincidentally, only some 100 metres away from Marie Duplessis.

Hull_(watercraft)
A hull is the body of a ship or boat. It is a central concept in floating vessels as it provides the buoyancy that keeps the vessel from sinking.
Terms.
Bow is the frontmost part of the hull
Stern is the rear-most part of the hull
Portside is the left side of the boat when facing the Bow
Starboard is the right side of the boat when facing the Bow
Waterline is an imaginary line circumscribing the hull that matches the surface of the water when the hull is not moving.
Midships is the midpoint of the LWL (see below).
It is half-way from the forwardmost point on the waterline to the rear-most point on the waterline.
Baseline an imaginary reference line used to measure vertical distances from. It is usually located at the bottom of the hull.

Academy_Award_for_Best_Picture_(1930s)
The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards. Also called Oscars, the Academy Awards are given to people working in the film industry by the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS).
In the list below, the winner of the award for each year between 1930 and 1939 is shown first, followed by the other nominees. The name of the award becomes Best Picture in 1930.

Toby_Keith
Toby Keith Covel (born July 8, 1961) is an American country music singer and songwriter.

Jaworzno
Jaworzno is a city in Poland in Silesia voivodship. It has about 96 600 inhabitants and 152,2 km².

Minas_Gerais
Minas Gerais is one of the 26 states of Brazil. It has the second most population and fourth largest area. The capital is the city of Belo Horizonte, near the center of the state. The name means "General mines". Minas Gerais was formed mainly by colonists searching for gold, gemstones and diamonds.
Location.
Minas Gerais is in the west of the southeastern part of Brazil. That area also has the states of São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Espírito Santo. Minas Gerais shares borders with Bahia and Goiás (north), Mato Grosso do Sul (far west), the states of Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro (south) and the state of Espírito Santo (east). It also shares a short border with the Brazilian Federal District.
Cities.
Even though it is not the largest state in Brazil, Minas Gerais is the state with the most cities. Of the more than 5500 municipalities in Brazil, Minas has more than 850 of them. The most important ones are the capital Belo Horizonte, Contagem, Betim, Juiz de Fora, Montes Claros, Uberlândia and Ouro Preto

The_Pardoner's_Prologue_and_Tale
"The Pardoner's Prologue and Tale" is a story that is a part of the "The Canterbury Tales"
About the Pardoner.
The Pardoner went on his journey to the town of Canterbury from Rouncivalle with his friend the Summoner.
Appearence.
The Pardoner had hair as yellow as wax which fell on his head smoothly wisp by wisp. He has piercing black eyes and his face was as smooth as he had just shaved. The Pardoner had a thin and feeble voice yet he was hardly an old spiritual man.
Failures.
Although the Pardoner was a priest he lived a life that was far from the word of the lord. He was a failure preist. He often broke many of the Seven Deadly sins including greed, gluttony, and pride. He earned a living through a combination of preaching and selling fake relics to his supporters. He lies to these people and promises them salvation and prosperity for a price. He would even take money from the poorest widow in town who had starving children in order buy himself more extravagances.
The Tale Begins.
The host asks the Pardoner to tell a tale that was upbeat after the sad tale that the Franklin told. The other people object to this and hope that he will tell a tale that is rich in morals.
The tale.
He starts his tale by talking about three young men who, like him, indulge in sinful things like alcohol and prostitutes. The Pardoner goes on to talk about the sins of the men in depth especially gambling, drunkenness, and gluttony. These three young men are rioters from the town of Flanders.
One night the 3 drunken men were at a tavern when they saw a corpse being carried to a grave. They asked a boy who had died and the boy responded that it one of their friends who was killed by a murderous thief named Death. The 3 men plan to avenge their friend’s death and kill Death themselves.
On their way to find Death they see an old man that says Death will not take him even in his old age and suffering. The man says that he had left Death under an oak tree and that he was sure to still be there. They run to the tree and instead of seeing death they see bushels of gold under the tree. They want to bring the gold back under the cover of night so that nobody will accuse them of thievery. They are weak and need drinks so they send the youngest of them to the town.
As he is gone the remaining two come up with a plan to kill the third when he comes back so that the money could be split between only the two of them. The third thinks similar to the other two and wants to have all of the money to himself. He gets poison and puts it in their drinks and goes back to the forest. In the forest the 2 men jump out and kill the third. After this the remaining 2 drink in celebration and die from the poison.
In the end the money was the death that the old man said was beneath the tree.
Moral.
The love of money is the root of all evil
In the end the three men die because they all want the biggest share of the money.
Irony.
The irony in this story has to do with the person telling it. The pardoner is a person who is so wrapped up in greed that he deceives his whole congregation and breaks almost all of the sins in the book. It is strange that he decides to tell his story about the affects being greedy when he is the one who is greedy everyday.

Final_Fantasy_X
"Final Fantasy X" is a fantasy role-playing video game made by Square Enix. It is the 10th game in the "Final Fantasy" video game series. The game was released in 2001, and is the first "Final Fantasy" game that was made for the Sony PlayStation 2 video game console.

Melisma
In music, a melisma is the technique of singing one syllable to a lot of notes. They are often called vocal runs or simply runs. Music which uses melismas can be called melismatic.
In Western music melismas are often used in operas or any other music which is written for the singer to show off the voice. Melismatic music is the opposite of music where each syllable has its own note. In the "Alleluia Chorus" from Handel's "Messiah" each syllable of the word "Alleluya" has its own note. But in other parts of the "Messiah" there are often melismas, e.g. in "Thus saith the Lord" the word "shake" ("and I will shake the heavens and the earth") is set to a run of 25 fast notes. This example can also be described as "word painting". Handel uses the melisma to make it sound like someone shaking something.
Melismas are used a lot in music from many different cultures.

Danny_Elfman
Danny Elfman (May 29, 1953 in Los Angeles, California) is an American singer-songwriter and composer. He is famous for the music he wrote for many movies and television shows. From 1978 until 1995 Elfman was a member of the rock band Oingo Boingo. In 2003, he married actress Bridget Fonda and has one child with her.
Awards.
Elfman has been nominated for many awards in the music and movie business.

Harry_Potter_and_the_Deathly_Hallows
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" is the seventh and last book in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. The book was released worldwide on July 21, 2007 to an excited crowd. It became the fastest-selling book ever, with 8.3 million copies sold in the U.S. during the first 24 hours.
The film will be released in 2010, but on March 8, 2008, it was anounced that the film will be split into two parts; part one is due on November 19, 2010 and part two is due on May, 2011.
Throughout the books, Joanne Rowling has introduced a lot of different ideas and a great number of characters. While the stories are set in a magical world with sets of magical rules, the basic idea or philosophy of the story is about how real people behave toward each other. In the seventh book, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", the author draws all the ideas and people together.

Würzburger_Kickers
Kickers Wurzburg is one of the most traditional football clubs in Franconia. It was founded in 1907.

The_Nose_(opera)
"The Nose" is an opera by Dmitri Shostakovich. It was written in 1927. At this time a lot of exciting new movies were being made in the Soviet Union. There were also some very interesting new plays in the theatres. The famous theatre director Vsevolod Meyerhold had many new ideas. However, operas that were being written then were mostly quite uninteresting.
Shostakovich, who was only just twenty years old, started to make Soviet operas interesting again. He took the story called "The Nose" which was written by Nikolai Gogol. It is about a man who wakes up one day to find his nose has gone.
The opera was first performed in 1930. Unfortunately by then the music critics had changed their ideas because of the political situation in the Soviet Union which was being ruled by the dictator Stalin. They wrote bad things about the opera and the performances soon had to stop. It was not until 1974 that it was performed again in the Soviet Union.
The opera is a satire. It pokes fun at bureaucrats: people in official jobs who think they are more important than they really are.
The story of the opera.
In the opera the barber Ivan Yakovlevich is seen shaving the Major. In the morning Ivan wakes up and his wife gives him some fresh bread and onion. When he cuts the bread open he finds a nose inside. His wife screams and yells at her husband. She chases him out of the house. He runs along the street with the nose, feeling very embarrassed. He throws the nose in the river, but a policeman catches him. He tries unsuccessfully to bribe him.
In the next scene the Major wakes up and finds he has no nose. He goes to tell the police. He goes to the cathedral and sees his nose who is dressed up as an important person (the nose is now a person, sung by a singer). The Major is not sure what to say to his nose because his nose is now more important than he is. He can’t speak properly and the nose does not understand him. The nose speaks very confidently, like a person of high rank. The Major cannot find the Chief of Police so he goes to the newspaper office. The people there laugh at him and say that they cannot put a notice in the newspaper about a lost nose because it would make their newspaper look silly. He is told to see a doctor. When the Major takes his handkerchief away from his face to show that he really has lost his nose the newspaper staff become interested because they think they have a good story for the newspaper. They offer him some snuff. Of course, he cannot sniff it, and gets very cross.
The police, who are looking for the lost nose, are watching people who are getting into a coach. They think the nose might be trying to leave the city. As the coach leaves the nose runs in, tries to stop the coach, frightens thehorses, the driver tries to shoot the nose, and everyone starts to fight the nose, beating and hitting it until it is back to its normal size. The policeman wraps it in a piece of paper. He returns it to the Major and asks for payment. The Major tries to stick his nose back on his face but he can’t. Even the doctor can’t do it. The nose escapes into the crowd. The Major thinks that Madame Podtochina, who tried to make him marry her daughter, has used witchcraft on him. He writes to her asking her to stop the spell but she writes back thinking that he wants to marry her daughter. Large crowds appear on the street to try to see the nose.
In the last part of the opera the Major has got his nose back where it belongs. He is shaved by the barber and then walks along the street proudly showing everyone his nose.
The music.
The music is just right for telling a story which is a satire. The policeman, for example, sings in a high, squeaky voice. The music at the beginning sounds rather like circus music. At the end of the scene when he is unable to bribe the police officer there is music just for percussion instruments. This bit is very famous and often played as a separate piece. One of the barber’s songs is accompanied by four balalaikas. Madame Podtochina’s daughter sings like a romantic opera singer. The waltz which is sung as the people get on the coach is a parody waltz.

Piauí
Piauí is one of the 26 states of Brazil. It is located in the northeastern part of the country. The capital of Piauí is Teresina.
Geography.
Piauí shares borders with the states of Maranhão (west), Ceará (east), Pernambuco (east) and Bahia (east and south). It borders the Atlantic Ocean to the north.
Piauí has the shortest coastline of any of the Brazilian states that borders the Atlantic Ocean. Its coastline is only 66km long. The capital, Teresina, is the only state capital in the north east that is not located on the coast. The reason for this is because, unlike the rest of the area, Piauí state was first colonised away from the coast and slowly expanded towards the ocean. The other states in the area started on the coast and grew inland.
Flag.
The flag of Piaui was created on 24 July 1922. The blue canton and a star is for the state itself. The green and yellow stripes are for Brazil.

Shire
A shire is an administrative area of Great Britain and Australia. The first shires were created by the Anglo-Saxons in central and southern England. Shires were controlled by a royal official known as a "shire reeve" or sheriff. In modern English usage shires are sub-divided into districts.
Individually, or as a suffix in Scotland, the word is pronounced (to rhyme with "fire"). As a suffix in an English or Welsh place name it is pronounced (rhymes with "fir").
Shires in Great Britain.
In England and Wales, the term "shire county" is used to refer to counties which are not metropolitan counties.
It can also be used in a narrower sense, referring only to traditional counties ending in "shire". These counties are typically (though not always) named after their county town.
Shires in England.
Bedfordshire, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Cambridgeshire, Cheshire, Derbyshire, Gloucestershire, Hampshire, Herefordshire, Hertfordshire, Huntingdonshire, Lancashire, Lincolnshire, Leicestershire, Northamptonshire, Nottinghamshire, Oxfordshire, Shropshire, Staffordshire, Warwickshire, Wiltshire, Worcestershire, Yorkshire.
Of these, all but Huntingdonshire and Yorkshire are also administrative counties (but with different boundaries). Huntingdonshire is now administered as a district of Cambridgeshire, and Yorkshire is split between East, North, South and West Yorkshire, Greater Manchester, Lancashire, Cumbria and County Durham.
Shires in Wales.
Brecknockshire, Caernarvonshire, Cardiganshire, Carmarthenshire, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Monmouthshire, Montgomeryshire, Pembrokeshire, Radnorshire
In Wales, the counties of Merioneth and Glamorgan are occasionally referred to with the "shire" suffix. The only traditional Welsh county that never takes "shire" is Anglesey.
Shires in Scotland.
Aberdeenshire, Ayrshire, Banffshire, Berwickshire, Clackmannanshire, Cromartyshire, Dumfriesshire, Dunbartonshire, Fifeshire, Inverness-shire, Kincardineshire, Kinross-shire, Kirkcudbrightshire, Lanarkshire, Morayshire, Nairnshire, Peeblesshire, Perthshire, Renfrewshire, Ross-shire, Roxburghshire, Selkirkshire, Stirlingshire, Wigtownshire
Shires in Australia.
Shire is the most common word in Australia for the smallest local government areas by population. The states of New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland and Western Australia use shire for this unit. South Australia and Tasmania use district. A shire has the same powers as the next largest units, the town and city. In NSW, the expression 'The Shire' commonly refers to the Sutherland shire.

Regions_of_Slovakia
Since 1949 (except 1990-1996), Slovakia has been divided into a number of "kraje" (singular "kraj", usually translated as Regions, but mean rather county). Slovakia is currently divided into 8 regions. Each kraj is then divided into many "okresy" (singular "okres", usually translated as districts). Slovakia currently has 79 districts.
Each region is named after its capital.
The following list shows: name of the region, its capital, number of districts, population (as of 2001) and area.

Banská_Bystrica
Banská Bystrica (German: "Neusohl", Hungarian: "Besztercebánya", Latin: "Villa Nova"), is a large town in central Slovakia, on the Hron river.
History.
It was first mentioned in 1255 as a royal free mining town. The town had rich ore deposits, mainly copper, and to a lesser extent silver, gold and iron. As the deposits were depleted, the town has reoriented to the industry. During the World War II, the Slovak National Uprising broke out in the town.

L._Ron_Hubbard
Lafayette Ronald Hubbard (13 March 1911 – 24 January 1986) was an American science fiction writer and creator of Dianetics. He is the founder of the religion Scientology. Hubbard was born in Tilden, Nebraska to Harry Ross Hubbard and Ledora May Hubbard.

Dettelbach
Dettelbach is a town in Bavaria, Germany where about 4500 people live. It is famous for its wine.

Demonym
A demonym or gentilic is a word used for people or the inhabitants of a place. The name of a people's language is usually the same as this word, for example, the "French" (language or people). Some places may not have a word for the people that live there.
Irregular forms.
In many cases, both the location's name and the demonym are created by using a suffix, for example "England" and "English" and "Englishman". This is not always true, for example, "France" → "French".
In a few cases, the name of the country is not at all related to the name of the people ("Netherlands" → "Dutch"). This is usually because the two words come from different languages.
Demonyms can be nouns or adjectives. In many cases the noun and adjective forms are the same ("Canadian/Canadian"); in other cases they are different ("Spaniard/Spanish").
In the case of Canadian provinces and territories and U.S. states, demonyms are not usually used as adjectives.
Cultural problems.
Some peoples, mainly cultures that were taken over by European colonists, have no demonym. They may also have a demonym that is the same as the name of their nation. Examples include Iroquois, Aztec, Māori, and Czech. Often, the "native" languages of these people have forms that did not get used in English. In Czech, for example, the language is "Čeština", the nation is "Česko" or "Česká republika", and the people are "Češi".
The demonym for people of the United States of America has a similar problem. "American" refers to both the United States and to the two American continents. "United Statian" is not used in English, but it exists in Spanish ("estadounidense"), French ("étatsunien(ne)"), Portuguese ("estado-unidense" or "estadunidense"), Italian ("statunitense"), and also in Interlingua ("statounitese"). "US American" (for the noun) and "US-American" can be used, and is a common demonym in German ("US-Amerikaner").

William_Wordsworth
William Wordsworth (April 7, 1770 – April 23, 1850) was an important poet of the Romantic Age in English literature.
Many people think that "The Prelude", an autobiographical poem of his early years is his masterpiece. Wordsworth was England's Poet Laureate from 1843 until his death in 1850.
Early life and education.
Wordsworth was born as second of five children in the Lake District. After the death of his mother in 1778, his father sent him to "Hawkshead" Grammar School. In 1783 his father, who was a lawyer and the solicitor died.
Although many aspects of his boyhood were positive, he remembered times of loneliness and anxiety. It took him many years, and much writing, to recover from the death of his parents.
Wordsworth went to "St John's College", Cambridge in 1787. Three years later, in 1790, he visited Revolutionary France and supported the Republican movement. The following year, he graduated from Cambridge.
Relationship with Annette Vallon.
In November 1791, Wordsworth returned to France and took a walking tour of Europe that included the Alps and Italy. He fell in love with a French woman, Annette Vallon, who in 1792 gave birth to their child, Caroline. Because he was poor and there were tensions between Britain and France, he returned alone to England the next year. But he supported Annette Vallon and his daughter as best he could in later life. War between France and Britain prevented him from seeing Annette and Caroline again for several years. It is not unlikely that Wordsworth has been depressed in the mid 1790s.
In 1802 Wordsworth and his sister, Dorothy, visited Annette and Caroline in France.
First publication and Lyrical Ballads.
1793 Wordsworth published the poetry collections "An Evening Walk" and "Descriptive Sketches". In 1795 he met Samuel Taylor Coleridge in Somerset. The two poets quickly developed a close friendship. In 1797, Wordsworth and his sister, "Dorothy", moved to Somerset, just a few miles away from Coleridge's home in "Nether Stowey". Together, Wordsworth and Coleridge produced "Lyrical Ballads" (1798), an important work in the English Romantic movement. The Preface to "Lyrical Ballads" is considered a central work of Romantic literary theory. In it, Wordsworth discusses what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry, one based on the "real language of men" and which avoids the poetic diction of much eighteenth-century poetry. Here, Wordsworth also gives his famous definition of poetry as "the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings from emotions recollected in tranquility."
A fourth and final edition of "Lyrical Ballads" was published in 1805.
Germany and move to the Lake District.
Wordsworth, Dorothy, and Coleridge then traveled to Germany in the autumn of 1798. The main effect on Wordsworth was that he became homesick. But he began to work on the important autobiographical piece "The Prelude". He also wrote a number of famous poems, including "the Lucy poems." He and his sister moved back to England, now to "Dove Cottage" in Grasmere in the Lake District, and this time with the poet Robert Southey nearby. Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southey came to be known as the "Lake Poets". Through this period, many of his poems speak of death, endurance, separation, and grief.
Marriage.
In 1805 he married a childhood friend, Mary Hutchinson. Dorothy continued to live with the couple.
In 1807, his "Poems in Two Volumes" were published, including "Ode: Intimations of Immortality from Recollections of Early Childhood".
Two of his children, Thomas and Catherine, died in 1812. In 1813 his family, including Dorothy, moved to "Rydal Mount, Ambleside" (between Grasmere and Rydal Water), where he spent the rest of his life.

South_East_England
South East England is one of the nine official regions of England. It was created in 1994. It includes Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, East Sussex, Hampshire, Isle of Wight, Kent, Oxfordshire, Surrey and West Sussex.
Its population as of the 2001 census was 8,000,550, making it the most populous English region. The highest point is Walbury Hill in Berkshire at 297m/974 ft. The major urban areas of the region include Brighton and Hove, Portsmouth, Southampton, and Reading. Settlements closer to London are part of the Greater London Urban Area.

Sky_Odyssey
Sky Odyssey is an action/adventure flight simulator (or flight videogame) for the SonyPlayStation 2. It was made by Cross and was sold in store’s in the year 2000.
The games story is a Indiana Jones-like adventure in which the person playing the game flies an airplane in a fictional (or not real) world collecting very old objects as well as pieces of a map.
The game's music was made by Kō Ōtani, who also made the music for "Shadow of the Colossus", different types of "Gamera" films, and many other anime.
It is one of the few videogames that you can fly the Japanese Shinden and Shinden Kai, the Shinden is the airplane shown on the game's box.

Crescent
In art and symbolism, a crescent is generally the shape produced when a circular disk has a segment of another circle removed from its edge, so that what remains is a shape enclosed by two circular arcs of different diameters which intersect at two points (usually in such a manner that the enclosed shape does not include the center of the original circle).

Proselyte
Proselyte, from Greek "προσήλυτος/proselytos", is used in the Septuagint for "stranger", i.e. a newcomer to Israel; a sojourner in the land, and in the New Testament () for a convert to Judaism from Paganism. It is a translation of the Hebrew word "גר/ger" ().
Two kinds of proselyte in Judaism.
A righteous proselyte was a Gentile who had converted to Judaism, was bound to all the doctrines and precepts of the Jewish economy, and was considered a full member of the Jewish people.
A gate proselyte was a "resident alien" who live in the Land of Israel and followed some of the customs.
Proselytes in early Christianity.
The "religious proselytes" spoken of in Early Christian writings were righteous proselytes, as distinguished from gate proselytes.

Criss_Angel
Criss Angel (born Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos, December 19, 1967) is an American illusionist, stunt performer, and musician. He has done many illusions, for example walking on water, making an Asian elephant vanish and then reappear several episodes later, and floating between two buildings. Angel has a television program on the American network A&E called "Criss Angel Mindfreak". The program has stunts and street magic, as well as public service announcements about scams that are popular around the United States.

Protozoa
Protozoa, from Greek language "first life", are very simple organisms. They are made of only one cell. They are eukaryotes. Very often they are classified as Protista, together with simple plant-like algae, and fungus-like molds. Some protozoa are disease-causing germs.

Forsyth_County,_Georgia
Forsyth County is a county in the American state of Georgia. The county seat of Forsyth County Cumming, Georgia. Forsyth County has one of the fastest growing population of any county in the United States. The population has grown from 98,407 to 140,393 between 2000 and 2005. The county was formed in 1832 and is named after John Forsyth.

Probe_droid
Probe droids are robots in the "Star Wars" movies. They are used for spying and finding people. Darth Maul used probe droids to find Queen Amidala and the Jedi in The Phantom Menace. In The Empire Strikes Back, the Imperials use the probe droids to find the Rebel base.

James,_son_of_Zebedee
Saint James, son of Zebedee (d. AD 44) was one of the disciples (learners) of Jesus. He was the son of "Zebedee" and "Salome" and brother of John the Evangelist. He is called Saint James the Greater to distinguish (mark as different) him from the other apostle named James
(James, son of Alphaeus). James is described as one of the first disciples who joined Jesus. The Synoptic Gospels tell that James and John were with their father by the seashore when Jesus called them to begin traveling (,). According to Mark, James and John were called "Boanerges", or the "Sons of Thunder" (). Acts of the Apostles 12:1-2 records that King Herod had James executed by sword ().
Saint James and Hispania.
According to ancient local tradition, on 2 January of the year AD 40, the Virgin Mary appeared to James on the bank of the Ebro River at Caesaraugusta, while he was preaching the Gospel in Spain. She supposedly appeared upon a pillar, Nuestra Señora del Pilar, and that pillar is conserved and venerated within the present Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar, in Zaragoza, Spain. Following that apparition, St James returned to Judea, where he was beheaded by King Herod Agrippa I in the year 44.
The translation of his relics from Judea to Galicia in the northwest of Iberia was effected, in legend, by a series of miraculous happenings: decapitated in Jerusalem with a sword by Herod Agrippa himself, his body was taken up by angels, and sailed in a rudderless, unattended boat to Iria Flavia in Spain, where a massive rock closed around his relics, which were later removed to Compostela. The 12th-century "Historia Compostellana" gives a summary of the legend of St James as it was believed at Compostela. Two ideas are central to it: first, that St James preached the gospel in Spain as well as in the Holy Land; second, that after his martyrdom at the hands of Herod Agrippa I his disciples carried his body by sea to Spain, where they landed at Padrón on the coast of Galicia, and took it inland for burial at Santiago de Compostela.
The authenticity of the sacred relics of Compostela was asserted in the Bull of Pope Leo XIII, "Omnipotens Deus," of 1 November 1884.
The tradition at Compostela placed the discovery of the relics of the saint in the time of king Alfonso II (791-842) and of bishop Theodemir of Iria. These traditions were the basis for the pilgrimage route that began to be established in the 9th century, and the shrine dedicated to James at Santiago de Compostela, in Galicia in Spain, became the most famous pilgrimage site in the Christian world. St James's Way is a tree of routes that cross Western Europe and arrive at Santiago through Northern Spain. Eventually James became the patron saint of Spain.
The name "James" in English comes from "Iacobus" (Jacob) in Latin. In eastern Spain, Jacobus became "Jacome" or "Jaime"; in Catalunya, it became Jaume, in western Spain it became "Iago", and Portugal and Galicia it was Tiago. "Saint James" ("Sanctus Jacobus") became "Sant' Iago", which was abbreviated to "Santiago". James's emblem was the scallop shell (or "cockle shell"), and pilgrims to his shrine often wore that symbol on their hats or clothes.

Bandage
A bandage is strip of cloth or other material that is used to stop and absorb blood from wounds.
In common speech, the word "bandage" is often used to mean a dressing, though technically the two are different things.

Nuclear_reaction
A nuclear reaction is a process from physics. In it, two or more particles collide. The result are new particles which are different from the original ones. In the case of radioactivity this reaction is spontaneous. It can also be done on purpose, to make energy. This energy can then be used for different things, for example to make electricity (as in a nuclear power plant). It can also be used as fuel for a bomb.
In the example figure 6Li reacts with deuterium. This makes Beryllium which then decays into two alpha particles.

Sir_David's_Long-beaked_Echidna
Sir David's Long-beaked Echidna ("Zaglossus attenboroughi"), also known as the Cyclops Long-beaked Echidna, is one of three species from the genus "Zaglossus". All of them occur in New Guinea. It is named in honour of Sir David Attenborough. It lives in the Cyclops mountains in Papua province of Indonesia near the cities of Sentani, Jayapura.
The species was described from a single damaged animal, which was collected in the Dutch colonial era (c. 1961). It has not been collected since that time. The Cyclops mountain forest habitat has been disturbed recently. This has raised concern that "Z. attenboroughi" populations may already be endangered or even locally extinct. However, it is important to note that biological surveys of Papua province are often incomplete and it is possible that the animal still exists there or in related mountain ranges.
It is the smallest member of the genus. It is closer in size to the Short-beaked Echidna than other members of the genus. It has five claws on its fore and hind feet. It has dense short fur.

Chastity
Chastity or celibacy is choosing not to be involved in any sexual activities.

Field_(physics)
In physics, a field means that a physical quantity is assigned to every point in space (or, more generally, spacetime). A field is seen as extending throughout a large region of space so that its influences everything. The strength of a field usually varies over a region.
Fields are usually represented mathematically by scalar, vector and tensor fields. For example, one can model a gravitational field by a vector field where a vector indicates the acceleration a mass would experience at each point in space. Other examples are temperature fields or air pressure fields, which are often illustrated on weather reports by isotherms and isobars by joining up the points of equal temperature or pressure respectively.

Mark-Anthony_Turnage
Mark-Anthony Turnage (born Grays, Essex, 10 June 1960) is an English composer. He is one of the most original composers in his country today.
Turnage studied at the Royal College of Music and won all the major prizes. He became famous when he wrote an opera called "Greek". It is typical of his musical style: quite lyrical but also very dramatic and aggressive. His music is often inspired by jazz. Other works include "Kai", "Rockaby", "Blood on the Floor", "Dispelling the Fears", "Drowned Out" and "Three Screaming Popes". He has written music for the English National Opera, City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.

Polder
A Polder is an area of land that was taken from a body of water by enclosing the area to be reclaimed with a dike and removing the excess water by pumping and draining. The method to do this is called empoldering.

Ulan-Ude
Ulan-Ude (Russian:Ула́н-Удэ́; Buryat: Улаан-Үдэ), formerly Verkhneudinsk (), the capital city of the Buryat Republic, Russia. The city is located about 100 km south-east of Lake Baikal. It sits at the foot of the Khamar-Daban and Khrebet Ulan-Burgasy mountain ranges, next to the confluence of the Selenga River and its tributary, the Uda. The city is divided into two parts by the Uda. Population 359,391 (2002 Census); 352,530 (1989 Census). It is the third largest city in East Siberia. It is served by Ulan-Ude Airport (Mukhino) as well as the smaller Ulan-Ude Vostochny Airport.
Ulan-Ude was founded in 1666 by the Russian Cossacks. Due to its geographical position, the city grew rapidly and became a large trade centre which connected Russia with China and Mongolia. There are old merchants' mansions richly decorated with wood and stone carving in the historical center of Ulan-Ude, along the river banks. They represent beautiful examples of Russian classicism. There is also a large and highly unusual head of Lenin in the central square.

Michael_Tippett
Sir Michael Tippett (born in London on January 2 1905 – died in London on January 8, 1998) was an English composer. He is one of the greatest and most original composers of the 20th century. He did not start to study music seriously until he was nearly grown up, and only become famous when he was about 40. The rhythms in his music and the tonality are very original. He is remembered for many kinds of music: opera, oratorio, orchestral music, chamber music and piano music. His oratorio "A Child of our Time" is especially well-known and often performed by choirs.
His Life.
Tippett spent his childhood in a small village in Suffolk. His father had retired and had bought a hotel in Cannes, France. Michael and his brother learned to speak French when they were very young. He was sent to school in Edinburgh when he was 13 but did not like it there so he went to the local Stamford Grammar School in Lincolnshire.
The only musical training he had as a child were his piano lessons. When he had finished his school years he decided he wanted to be a composer, but neither he nor his parents knew the best way to become a composer. He started having more piano lessons. Then someone said he should go to the Royal College of Music. He went there at the beginning of the summer term, 1923 and spent five years there studying music. He then moved to Oxted in Surrey and for six years he taught French at a school. He composed in his free time.
In Oxted there was a small choir. Tippett had sung with them while he was a student. Now he became their conductor and he learned a lot about music by getting the choir to sing English madrigals and other music including operatic music. He took some more lessons in composition from R.O.Morris at the RCM. He went to music camps where he learned more ideas about politics than about music. He agreed with a lot of the ideas of Trotsky. He became a pacifist and in 1940 he registered as a conscientious objector. In 1943 he spent three months in prison because he refused to help with the war effort.
Meanwhile Tippett had become director of music at Morley College. He made the choir there into one of the best choirs in England. He played a lot of music by Henry Purcell whose music was not as well known then as it is now. He also worked with young musicians who later became famous: the tenor Peter Pears, the countertenor Alfred Deller and the Amadeus String Quartet.
In 1951 he became a broadcaster with the BBC. Some of the talks he gave on the radio were published in his book "Moving into Aquarius". He continued a brilliant career as composer, conductor and broadcaster. He was director of the Bath Festival which he helped to improve a lot. He became internationally famous, especially in America. His "Symphony no 4" and his oratorio "Mask of Time" were written for performances in America. His last opera "New Year" was written jointly for the Houston Grand Opera, Glyndebourne and the BBC. He was made a CBE in 1966 and was knighted in 1966 and was made a Companion of Honour in 1979 and received an Order of Merit in 1983. He received many honours from universities.
Tippett died from pneumonia in 1998 after travelling to Stockholm for a festival which included all his works except his stage works. Although he was able to return home he died shortly afterwards.
His music.
It is unusual for a great musician to begin studying music properly at the age of 18. However, he was old enough to realize that he had a lot to learn. He studied counterpoint and was influenced by the way Classical composers had shaped their music. Beethoven especially was an inspiration for him. One of his best-known works is the "Concerto for Double String Orchestra" (1938-1939). It shows his love of folk music as well as interest in English music of the Renaissance. This music is exciting because of its beats, which keep changing, and its dance-like character.
"A Child of our Time" was an oratorio which used negro spirituals. He combined these with his own style of music. It is about something that really happened in 1938. A 17-year-old Jewish Polish boy killed a Nazi diplomat because the Nazis had taken away his parents. The Nazis were angry and killed lots of Jews in return. It was something which helped to lead to the World War II. Tippett’s music is about the cruelty that humans show towards one another.
Tippett’s operas include "A Midsummer Marriage" (started 1946, first performed 1955), "King Priam" (1958-61), "The Knot Garden" (1966-69) and "The Ice Break" (1973-76) and "New Year" (1989). He wrote several choral works. His orchestral works include 4 symphonies, a "Fantasia concertante on a Theme of Corelli" for strings (1953), a "Piano Concerto" (1953-55) and a "Concerto for violin, viola and cello" (1979). His chamber music includes piano sonatas and string quartets.
His writings.
Tippett published many of his writings. "Moving into Aquarius" consists of talks given on the BBC. In his autobiography "Those Twentieth Century Blues" he discusses many of his problems, including his homosexuality, which in his earlier years he could not talk about because it was illegal at that time.

Disciple_(Christianity)
In Christianity, the disciples were the students of Jesus during his ministry, which means only the Twelve Apostles, but the gospels speaks of different numbers of disciples. In the Book of Acts, the Apostles themselves have disciples. The word "disciple" is used today as a way of self-identification for those who seek to learn from Christianity.
The term disciple comes from the New Testament Greek word
coming to English by way of the Latin "discipulus". "Disciple" should not be confused with "apostle", meaning
' While a disciple is one who learns from a teacher, a student, an apostle is sent to deliver those teachings to others.
The four.
Both the gospels of Mark () and Matthew () include passages where Jesus initially calls four fishermen from among those at the Sea of Galilee. These are Simon (later called "Rock" or Peter) and his brother Andrew, and the brothers James and John (later called the "Sons of Thunder" or Boanerges). A very similar report in the Gospel of Luke does not speak of Andrew. also includes an initial calling of disciples, but these are: an unnamed disciple, Andrew, Simon, Philip and Nathanael.
Since the Gospel of Luke does not include Andrew, and through various passages in the four gospels where Simon Peter, James and John are called to meet with Jesus separately from the twelve, they are commonly termed "the three." The usage of "the four" over "the three" is still a point which some Christians debate, but never as an essential doctrinal point.
The twelve.
The Gospel of John refers to one disciple as the one whom Jesus loved. Since the apostle John, unlike the other twelve, is never named in that gospel, the "beloved disciple" is assumed to be him.
Great crowd and the seventy.
The number of or persons among Jesus' disciples is not always given in the gospel accounts. A much larger group of people is identified as disciples in the opening of the passage of the Sermon on the Plain that begins in Luke.
Additionally, seventy (or seventy-two, depending on the source used) people are sent out in pairs to prepare the way for Jesus (Luke 10). They are sometimes referred to as "the Seventy" or "the Seventy Disciples". They are to eat any food offered, heal the sick and spread the word; that God's reign is coming, that whoever hears them hears Jesus, whoever rejects them rejects Jesus and whoever rejects Jesus rejects the One who sent him. In addition they are granted great powers over the enemy and their names are written in heaven.
Road to Emmaus.
Cleopas is one of the two disciples to whom the risen Lord appeared at Emmaus (Luke 24:18). Cleopas, with an unnamed disciple of Jesus' are walking from Jerusalem to Emmaus on the day of Jesus' resurrection. Cleopas and his friend were discussing the events of the past few days when a stranger asked them what they spoke of. The stranger asked to join Cleopas and his friend for the evening meal. There the stranger revealed himself, after blessing and breaking the bread, as the resurrected Jesus and then disappeared. Cleopas and his friend hastened to Jerusalem to carry the news to the other disciples, where Jesus subsequently appeared to them as well. The incident is without parallel in Matthew, Mark, or John.
Women.
In Luke (10:38–42), Mary, sister of Lazarus is contrasted with her sister Martha, who was "cumbered about many things" while Jesus was their guest, while Mary had chosen "the better part," that of listening to the master's discourse. John names her as the "one who had anointed the Lord with perfumed oil and dried his feet with her hair" (11:2). In Luke, an unidentified "sinner" in the house of a Pharisee anoints Jesus' feet. Any pre-existing relationship between Jesus and Lazarus himself, prior to the miracle, is unspecified by John. In Catholic folklore, Mary, the sister of Lazarus, is seen as the same as Mary Madgalene.
Luke refers to a number of people accompanying Jesus and the twelve. From among them he names three women: "Mary, called Magdalene... and Joanna the wife of Herod's steward Chuza, and Susanna, and many others, who provided for them out of their resources" (Luke 8:2-3). Mary Magdalene and Joanna are among the women who went to prepare Jesus' body in Luke's account of the resurrection, and who later told the apostles and other disciples about the empty tomb and words of the "two men in dazzling clothes". Mary Magdalene is the most well-known of the disciples outside of the Twelve. More is written in the gospels about her than the other female followers. There is also a large body of lore and literature covering her.
Other gospel writers differ as to which women witness the crucifixion and witness to the resurrection. Mark includes Mary, the mother of James and Salome (not to be confused with Salomé the daughter of Herodias) at the crucifixion and Salome at the tomb. John includes Mary the wife of Clopas at the crucifixion.

Khanda
Khanda is a symbol of Sikhism. It is in the shape of four weapons.

Volga_River
The Volga is the longest river of Europe. In Russian it is called Волга, in the Tatar language its name is İdel. Many people see it as the national river of Russia. It flows through the western part of the country. It is Europe's longest river, with a length of 3,690 km (2,293 miles), and forms the core of the largest river system in Europe. Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the river.

Galerius
Galerius Maximianus ("c." 250–5 May 311), formally Gaius Galerius Valerius Maximianus was Roman Emperor from 305 to 311.
Galerius served as a soldier under Emperors Aurelian and Probus, and became "Caesar" in 293 along with Constantius Chlorus, when the Tetrarchy was introduced. He married Diocletian's daughter Valeria (later known as Galeria Valeria), and took ove the care of the Illyrian provinces.
In 296, at the beginning of the Persian War, he changed from the Danube to the Euphrates. There his first campaign ended in a defeat, near Callinicum, which caused the loss of Mesopotamia. But in 297 he gained a decisive victory over Narses and took the city of Ctesiphon so that in 298 Narses asked for peace. Mesopotamia was returned to Roman rule and even some territory east of the Tigris, which marks the greatest extension of the Roman Empire in the east.
Christians had lived in peace during most of the rule of Diocletian. The persecutions that began with an edict of February 24 303, were credited by Christians to the influence of Galerius. Christian houses of assembly were destroyed, for fear of secret gatherings.
In 305, on the abdication of Diocletian and Maximian, Galerius got the title of Augustus together with Constantius his former colleague.
But Constantine was declared Augustus after the death of his father Constantius, and Maximian and his son Maxentius were declared co-Augusti in Italy.
In 307 he elevated his friend Licinius to the rank of Augustus, and retired to the city Felix Romuliana (near present day Gamzigrada, Serbia-Montenegro) built by him to honor his mother Romula, and devoted the few remaining years of his life "to the enjoyment of pleasure and to the execution of some works of public utility."
The last edicts of persecution against the Christians were published under his rule on February 24, 303. But in in April 311 he issued the general edict of toleration, from Nicomedia in his own name and in those of Licinius and Constantine. Lactantius gives the text of the edict in his chronicle of the bad ends to which all the persecutors came, "De Mortibus Persecutorum" ("On the Deaths of the Persecutors", chapters 34, 35). This marked the end of official persecution of Christians. Galerius died on 5 May, 311.

Paul_Watzlawick
Paul Watzlawick PhD (July 25, 1921 - March 31, 2007) was a theoretician in Communication Theory and Radical Constructivism. He also commented in the fields of family therapy and general psychotherapy. He lived and worked in California until his death in 2007 in Palo Alto.

List_of_events_in_2004
2004 is a year in the 21st century. It is a leap year.
March.
[*March 19 - Äänekoski bus disaster: At least 24 young people are killed and 15 hurt, several of them seriously, in a collision on a icy road between a coach and a lorry carrying rolls of paper on Highway 4 near Äänekoski in Central Finland. The accident happened at around 2 a.m. local time (UTC +2).

Aigues-Mortes
Aigues-Mortes is a city in the south of France. It is in the region Languedoc-Roussillon. It was originally founded by the Romans in the year 102 BC. The first records mentioning it under its current name date from the 10th century. Louis IX of France rebuilt the port in the 13th century. It was the only French port of the mediterranean at that time. The city is laid out as a bastide. It was the starting point for the Seventh crusade (1248) and Eight crusade (1270). Due to changes of the coastline, the city is several miles from the sea. It is linked to the sea through a canal, nowadays. It has well-preserved city walls. In 1999, about 6.000 people lived there. Aigues-Mortes is about 35 km from Nîmes.

Mirepoix_(Ariège)
Mirepoix is a city in the south of France. Today, about 3.000 people live there. It was founded as a bastide. Though it is not a bastide in the sense that it is a planned city. It was rebuilt following complete destruction after the local river overboarded. This reconstruction was done according to the 'bastide' idea.

Colosseum
The Colosseum (or Coliseum, originally known as Flavian Amphitheatre) is a large amphitheatre in the city of Rome. It was built between 72 and 80. Vespasian started the works, Titus completed them. it had seating for 45.000 - 50.000 people. It was 846 feet wide. It was used for gladiatorial contests, and other spectacles (like "animal hunts", in which animals would hunt and eat prisoners; or in which gladiators would fight against animals).
The Colosseum was also used as a place for people the Roman Empire did not like to be killed.

Henry_IV,_Holy_Roman_Emperor
Henry IV (1050 – 1106) was King of Germany from 1056 and Holy Roman Emperor from 1084, till he was forced to step down in 1105. He was the third emperor of the Salian dynasty and one of the most interesting and important figures of the eleventh century. His reign was marked by the Investiture Controversy with the Papacy and several civil wars with pretenders to his throne in Italy and Germany.
Biography.
Henry was the eldest son of the Emperor Henry III, by his second wife Agnes de Poitou, and was probably born at the royal palace at Goslar. When Henry III unexpectedly died in 1056, the six-year-old Henry IV became king without problems. The Empress Agnes acted as regent, and the German pope Victor II was named as her counsellor.
Unlike Henry III, Agnes could not influence the election of the new popes, Stephen IX and Nicholas II. These popes worked together with the Normans of southern Italy.
But the first great problem startet when Nicholas claimed influence in the election of German bishops.
Investiture controversy.
When Gregory VII, a reformist monk, was elected as pope in 1073. This is when the controversy between emperor and pope began.
In the higher ranks of the German clergy, Gregory had many enemies. Therefore King Henry declared Gregory to no longer pope and the Romans should choose a new pope. When Gregory heard of this he
excommunicated Henry IV, declared he was no longer emperor and canceled the oaths the people had sworn to King Henry.
The excommunication of the king made a deep impression both in Germany and Italy. Thirty years before, Henry III had deposed three popes, but when Henry IV tried to copy this procedure he had not the support of the people. The Saxons began a second rebellion, and the anti-royalist party grew in strength.
To Canossa.
The situation now became extremely critical for Henry. It became clear that at any price he had to get his absolution from Gregory. At first he tried this by an embassy, but when Gregory rejected this, he went to Italy in person.
The pope had already left Rome. Henry tried to force the pope to grant him absolution by doing penance before him at Canossa, where Gregory stayed. For a Christian it seemed impossible to deny a penitent re-entrance into the church, and therefore Gregory removed the ban. But a new conflict followed because Henry IV thought the end of excommunication meant he was king again. But Gregory did not decide that.
Second excommunication of Henry.
The opposition of the rebellious German nobles used the excommunication of Henry to set up a rival king Duke Rudolph of Swabia (Forchheim, March 1077). At first Gregory seemed to be neutral because the two parties (emperor and rebels) were of fairly equal strength. But finally he decided to support Rudolph of Swabia after his victory at "Flarchheim" (January 27, 1080) and declared the excommunication and deposition of King Henry again (March 7, 1080).
This was widely felt to be an injustice. When Rudolph of Swabia died on October 16 of the same year, Henry began to fight to be king. In 1081 he opened the conflict against Gregory in Italy. Gregory had now become less powerful, and thirteen Cardinals stopped supporting him. Rome surrendered to the German king, and Guibert of Ravenna was enthroned as Clement III (March 24, 1084). Henry was crowned emperor by his rival, while Gregory himself had to flee from Rome in the company of his Norman "vassal," Robert Guiscard.

Music_From_"The_Elder"
"Music From "The Elder" is a concept album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on November 10, 1981.

Creatures_Of_The_Night
Creatures Of The Night is a studio album by the American hard rock/heavy metal band Kiss. It was released on October 13, 1982.

The_Byrds
The Byrds were a popular 1960s rock band, from California. Their members included Jim McGuinn (who later changed his name to Roger), David Crosby, Gene Clark, Chris Hillman and Michael Clarke. Later band members included Gram Parsons, Clarence White, and Gene Parsons.
The Byrds pioneered folk rock, a blend of folk music with rock and roll. Many of their songs were cover versions of Bob Dylan's songs, such as "Mr. Tambourine Man", which was their first hit. They recorded a bright, uplifting version of "Turn, Turn, Turn", which was adapted by Pete Seeger from Ecclesiastes in the Bible. Other songs were written by band members.
The Byrds recorded "So You Wanna Be a Rock'N'Roll Star?" about the Monkees, not liking the star-making machinery that made the Monkees famous overnight. They softened their opinions, though, once they'd met the band and saw they had real talent. Members of the Byrds played on Monkees recording sessions, and the later band Crosby, Stills & Nash was formed partly from meetings at Peter Tork's house.
One Byrds song, "You Showed Me", became a hit for The Turtles late in 1968. The Byrds's lineup changed many times, and after the last new lineup disbanded in 1972, the original members reunited to record an album, titled "Byrds".

Roseanne_(TV_series)
"Roseanne" was an American television series which was shown on ABC from 1988 to 1997. It starred comedian Roseanne Barr. The series was about a working-class family living in fictional city of Lanford, Illinois. For many years, "Roseanne" was more truthful than other series of the time in how it showed family life. They dealt with tough subjects, for example poverty, alcoholism, narcotics, sex, first menstrual periods, masturbation, obesity, feminism, domestic violence, nudity and homosexuality. Another important thing in the series was Roseanne's control in raising her children. Her husband Dan (John Goodman) felt as though he had no say in their house. "Roseanne" was important for women because it was one of the first series to put an overweight, powerful, yet smart woman as the main character.
The series was very well liked from its start. It spent its first six seasons in the top five of the Nielsen ratings. During the seventh season the series dropped some in ratings, but still stayed in the top 10 of the Nielsen ratings. However, during its ninth, and final season, the show's ratings dropped much and had fallen out of the top thirty.

Tatami
mats are a traditional Japanese flooring. The top surface is made of woven straw. Traditional tatami are packed with straw. Nowadays some of them are packed with styrofoam. Tatami are individual mats. They have a uniform size and shape. They have borders of brocade or plain green cloth.
Tatami were originally a luxury item for the wealthy at a time when lower classes had mat-covered dirt floors. Tatami were gradually popularized. They finally reached the homes of commoners towards the end of the 17th century.
The origin of Tatami is described in Kojiki (Records of Ancient Matters).
At the end of the 8th century (beginning of the Heian period), Tatami’s size was standardized and it became thicker, so it became similar to today’s Tatami.
By the 12th century (still the Heian period), people used Tatami as cushions on the wooden floor.
In the 12th century (the Kamakura period), the usage was fixed that Tatami were spread all over the floor of a room, as people use them today.
In the 17th century (the Edo period), Tatami became an important part of building.
In these days, some people use Tatami as cushions on the floor again, like the usage in the Heian period, because style of living in Japan is changing to Western-style.

Electric_power_transmission
Electric power transmission is one process in the transmitting of electricity to consumers. The term refers to the bulk transfer of electrical power from place to place. Typically, power transmission is between the power plant and a substation near a populated area. Electricity distribution is the delivery from the substation to the consumers. Due to the large amount of power involved, transmission normally takes place at high voltage (110 kV or above). Electricity is usually transmitted over long distance through overhead power transmission lines. Underground power transmission is used only in densely populated areas (such as large cities) because of the high cost of installation and maintenance and because the power losses increase dramatically compared with overhead transmission unless superconductors and cryogenic technology are used.
A power transmission system is sometimes referred to colloquially as a "grid"; however, for reasons of economy, the network is rarely a true grid. Redundant paths and lines are provided so that power can be routed from any power plant to any load center, through a variety of routes, based on the economics of the transmission path and the cost of power.

Halfway_Home_(TV_series)
"Halfway Home" is a comedy television series that premiered on Wednesday, March 14, 2007, at 10:30 p.m. on Comedy Central. As described on its official website, "Halfway Home" is an "improvised half-hour series featuring the daily exploits of five ex-cons living together in a residential rehab facility."

Hildegard_of_Bingen
Hildegard of Bingen (born Bemersheim nr. Alzey 1098; died 17 September 1179) was a German writer, composer and mystic. She was an abbess who is well-known for her literary works and her songs. She also wrote about medical and scientific things, and wrote letters to many important politicians.
Hildegard was born into a noble family. Her parents sent her to a monastery because she was the tenth child of the family. She took the veil (became a nun) at the age of 15. By the time she was 38 she had the title of “mother superior”. She founded (started) a monastery on the Rupertsberg in the Rhine valley near Bingen. Later she founded a daughter house on the other side of the river near Rüdesheim. She travelled a lot and talked to many important people. She later had the title of “abbess”. After she died several popes suggested she should be made a saint, but this never happened.
Hildegard had many visions, many of which she wrote down. She wrote lyrical poetry which was very colourful and had lots of visionary ideas. Her music does not use plainchant like the music of many other medieval composers at the time. It mostly has small patterns of melody which are repeated many times in slightly different ways. She wrote a morality play in verse with 82 melodies.
Hildegard of Bingen is the first composer whose life we know about. She was also the first woman to write about female sexuality.

South_Pacific
South Pacific is the name for a geographical region of the world. It includes regions of the Pacific Ocean which lie south of the Equator: Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea, and parts of Oceania.

Electromagnetic_spectrum
The electromagnetic (EM) spectrum is the range of all possible electromagnetic radiation. Electromagnetic radiation can be divided into octaves — as sound waves are — winding up with eighty-one octaves.
The "electromagnetic spectrum" (usually just "spectrum") of an object is the frequency range of electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths from thousands of kilometres down to fractions of the size of an atom.
It is commonly said that EM waves beyond these limits are uncommon, although this is not actually true. The short wavelength limit is likely to be the Planck length, and the long wavelength limit is the size of the universe itself, though in principle the spectrum is infinite.
Spectra of objects.
Nearly all objects in the universe emit, reflect or transmit some light. (One hypothetical exception may be dark matter.) The distribution of this light along the electromagnetic spectrum (called the "spectrum" of the object) is determined by the object's composition. Several types of spectra can be distinguished depending upon the nature of the radiation coming from an object.
Electromagnetic spectroscopy is the branch of physics that deals with the characterization of matter by its spectra.
NOTE: The AUDIO entry in this graphic is there for comparison only. Sound waves and light are two different things entirely.

Electric_power
Electric power is defined as the amount of work done by an electric current, or the rate at which electrical energy is transmitted. The SI unit of power is the watt.
When electric current flows in a circuit with resistance, it does work. Devices convert this work into many useful forms, such as heat (electric heaters), light (light bulbs), motion (electric motors) and sound (loudspeaker).

Biological_warfare
Biological warfare (or germ warfare) is when pathogens are used as a weapon. This is called a biological weapon. Pathogens are organisms that can cause disease. If non-living things (like toxins) are used, this is considered to be chemical warfare.
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, biological weapons were used by the Japanese army against China. The Japanese army usually launched contaminated fleas or food from planes.
Today, pathogens for diseases like anthrax or smallpox could be used as agents for biological weapons.
The production, and stockpiling of such weapons was forbidden in the Biological Weapons Convention of 1972

Midwestern_United_States
The Midwestern United States (or Midwest) is a name for the north-central states of the United States of America. The states that are part of the Midwest are: Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin.
The word "Midwest" has been in common use for over 100 years. Other names for the area are no longer used. These names include the "Northwest" or "Old Northwest", "Mid-America," or "the Heartland". Since 1929, sociologists have often used the Midwest as "typical" of the entire nation.
Geography.
The land in the Midwest is generally thought of as being flat. This is true of several areas in the Midwest, but there are parts that are not flat. For example, the eastern Midwest near the Appalachian Mountains, the Great Lakes basin, and northern parts of Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Iowa are not flat. Also, the northern part of the Ozark mountain range is in southern Missouri. Prairies cover most of the states west of the Mississippi River. Less rain falls in the western Midwest than in the eastern part. This causes different types of prairies. Most of the Midwest can now be called either "urban areas" or "agricultural areas". Areas in northern Minnesota, Michigan and Wisconsin, and the Ohio River valley are not very developed.
Chicago is the largest city in the region, followed by Detroit and Indianapolis. Some other important cities in the region are: Minneapolis-St. Paul, Cleveland, St. Louis, Kansas City, Milwaukee, Cincinnati, Columbus, Wichita, Des Moines, Madison and Omaha.
History.
Europeans began to settle the area in the 17th century. French explorers and settlers created a network of fur trading posts along the Mississippi River and the upper Great Lakes. French control of the area ended in 1763 after the French and Indian War. British colonists began to expand into the Ohio Country during the 1750s. The Royal Proclamation of 1763 restricted people from moving west of the Appalachian Mountains, but it did not stop them completely.
Early settlers came to the Midwest from eastern states through routes over the Appalachian Mountains or through the waterways of the Great Lakes. After the American Revolutionary War, many more settlers began to come from eastern states. In the 1790s, people moved there because the United States government was offering land grants.
By the time of the American Civil War, many European immigrants were settling in the Midwest instead of the East: German Lutherans and Jews settled in Ohio, Wisconsin, Illinois, and eastern Missouri; Swedes and Norwegians in Wisconsin, Minnesota and northern Iowa. Poles, Hungarians, and German Catholics and Jews founded or settled in Midwestern cities. Many German Catholics also settled throughout the Ohio River valley and around the Great Lakes.
The region's soil is very good for farming. Midwest farmers can produce lots of grain crops such as corn, oats, and, most importantly, wheat. In the early days, the region was soon known as the nation's "breadbasket".
Culture.
Midwesterners are sometimes viewed as open, friendly, and straightforward, or sometimes stereotyped as stubborn and uncultured. Midwest values were shaped by religious beliefs and the agricultural values from the people who settled in the area. The Midwest today is a mix of Protestantism and Calvinism, untrusting of authority and power.
Between 19 and 29% of the Midwest is Catholic. 14% of the people in Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan, 22% in Missouri and 5% in Minnesota are Baptists. 22-24% of people in Wisconsin and Minnesota are Lutherans. 1% or less of the people in the Midwest are Jewish and Muslim, with slightly more Jewish or Muslim people in major cities, such as Chicago and Cleveland. 16% of the Midwest do not have a religion.
Politics in the Midwest are often conservative. The Great Lakes area, which has more large cities than the rest of the Midwest, tends to be the most liberal area of the Midwest.
Because of 20th century African American migration from the South, many African Americans live in most of the area's large cities. However, there are still more African Americans living in the Southern United States than in the Midwest. The mix of industry and cultures in those cities led to new types of music in the 20th century in the Midwest, including jazz, blues, rock and roll. Techno music came from Detroit and house music and blues came from Chicago.
Today the population of the Midwest is 65,971,974, or 22.2% of the total population of the United States.
Accents.
The accents of the Midwest are often clearly different from the accents of the South and many urban areas of the American Northeast. The accent of most of the Midwest is thought by many to be "standard" American English. Many national radio and television shows in the U.S. like this accent more than many other accents. This may have started because many television show hosts — such as Walter Cronkite, Johnny Carson, David Letterman, Tom Brokaw and Casey Kasem — came from this area.
In some parts of the Midwest, the accents are quite different from the "neutral" accent of the rest of the Midwest. These accents usually are because of the heritage of the area. For example, Minnesota, western Wisconsin and Michigan's Upper Peninsula have strong Scandinavian accents, which get stronger the farther north one goes. Many parts of Michigan have Dutch-flavored accents. Also, people from Chicago are known to have their own "nasal" accent. The same is true of St. Louis.In the most southern parts of the Midwest, such as southern Indiana, Southern accents are common in addition to the standard Midwest accent. The same can be said of Southern Illinois, particularly below U.S. Highway 50 and south of St. Louis. Missouri is also an example of a Midwest state with southern culture. Missourians can have either a southern or Midwestern accent or a combined dialect, but accents tend to be distinctly Southern in the Southeastern and Bootheel sections of the state.

Timo_Hildebrand
Timo Hidebrand (born April 5 1979 in Worms, Germany) is a German footballer. He is now the second goalkeeper of the German national football team. Hildebrand has played for VfB Stuttgart since 1999. In 2007 he changed to FC Valencia.

Johnny_Carson
John William "Johnny" Carson (October 23, 1925 – January 23, 2005) was an American actor, comedian and writer. He is best known as the host of "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson".

Maroon_5
Maroon 5 are a pop-rock band from Los Angeles, California. They have two studio albums and four live albums. They have performed in many concerts. Maroon 5 is famous for the songs Harder to Breathe, This Love, She Will Be Loved, "Sunday Morning", and Makes Me Wonder.
Kara's Flowers.
In 1998, some of the members of Maroon 5 were in a band called "Kara's Flowers". They released one album, The Fourth World.

David_Letterman
David Michael Letterman (born April 12, 1947) is an American late night television host. His first important success was on the NBC television show "Late Night with David Letterman". In 1993, he switched to the CBS show, "The Late Show".
Letterman's ironic comedy is similar to comedians such as Andy Kaufman, Ernie Kovacs, and "Tonight Show" hosts Johnny Carson and Steve Allen.

Electricity_generation
Electricity generation is the first process in the delivery of electricity to consumers. The other processes are electric power transmission and electricity distribution which are normally carried out by the Electrical power industry.
History.
Centralized power generation became possible when it was recognized that alternating current electric power lines can transport electricity at low costs across great distances by taking advantage of the ability to transform the voltage using power transformers.
Electricity has been generated for the purpose of powering human technologies for at least 120 years from various sources of energy. Power plants are run on coal, nuclear, natural gas, hydroelectric, and petroleum power and a small amount from solar energy, tidal harnesses, wind generators, and geothermal sources.
Electricity demand.
The demand for electricity can be met in two different ways. The main method is to build large centralized projects to generate and transmit the electricity required. Many of these projects have caused unpleasant environmental effects such as air or radiation pollution and the flooding of large areas of land.
Distributed generation creates power on a smaller scale at locations on the electricity network. These sites often generate electricity as a byproduct of other industry such as using gas from landfills to power turbines.
Turbines.
Combined cycle gas turbine plants are driven by both steam and gas. They generate power by burning natural gas in a gas turbine and use residual heat to generate additional electricity from steam. These plants offer efficiencies of up to 60%.
Reciprocating engines.
Small electricity generators are often powered by reciprocating engines burning diesel, biogas or natural gas. Diesel engines are often used for back up generation, usually at low voltages. Biogas is often combusted where it is produced, such as a landfill or wastewater treatment plant, with a reciprocating engine or a microturbine, which is a small gas turbine.
Photovoltaic panels.
Unlike the solar heat concentrators mentioned above, photovoltaic panels convert sunlight directly to electricity. Although sunlight is free and abundant, solar panels are expensive to produce and have only a 10-20% conversion efficiency. Until recently, photovoltaics were most commonly used in remote sites where there is no access to a commercial power grid, or as a supplemental electricity source for individual homes and businesses. Recent advances in manufacturing efficiency and photovoltaic technology, combined with subsidies driven by environmental concerns, have dramatically accelerated the deployment of solar panels. Installed solar capacity is growing by 30% per year in several regions including Germany, Japan, California and New Jersey.

FSV_Frankfurt
FSV Frankfurt is the second best football team in Frankfurt, Germany after Eintracht Frankfurt. In the season 2007/08 it became champion of the Regionalliga Süd. In 2008/09 FSV Frankfurt plays in the 2. Bundesliga.

Physical_quantity
A physical quantity is a quantity in physics that can be measured. Examples of physical quantities are mass, volume, length, time, temperature and electric current.

Surface_wave
__NOTOC__
In physics, a surface wave can refer to a mechanical wave that propagates along the interface between differing media, usually two fluids with different densities. A surface wave can also be an electromagnetic wave guided by a refractive index gradient. In radio transmission, a ground wave is a surface wave that propagates close to the surface of the Earth.

Photovoltaics
Photovoltaics, or PV for short, is a solar power technology that uses solar cells to convert energy from the sun into electricity. Photovoltaics is also the field of study relating to this technology.
Total peak power of installed solar photovoltaic arrays worldwide was around 5,300 MW at the end of 2005 and grid-tied systems represented the largest growth area.
Unlike fossil fuel based technologies, solar photovoltaic power does not lead to any harmful emissions during operation, but the production of the modules leads to some pollution.
Current development.
Solar cells produce direct current electricity from the sun’s rays, which can be used to power equipment or to recharge a battery. Many pocket calculators incorporate a solar cell.
When more power is required than a single cell can deliver, cells are generally grouped together to form “PV modules”, or solar panels, that may in turn be arranged in arrays. Such solar arrays have been used to power orbiting satellites and other spacecraft and in remote areas as a source of power for applications such as roadside emergency telephones, remote sensing, and cathodic protection of pipelines. The continual decline of manufacturing costs leads to cost-effective uses including roadsigns, home power generation and even grid-connected electricity generation.
Worldwide installed photovoltaic totals.
Total peak power of installed solar panels is around 5,300 MW as of the end of 2005. (IEA statistics appear to be under-reported: they report 2,600 MW as of 2004, which with 1,700 installed in 2005 would be a cumulative total of 4,300 for 2005). The three leading countries (Japan, Germany and the USA) represent 90% of the total worldwide PV installations.
PV power stations.
Deployment of solar power depends largely upon local conditions and requirements. But as all industrialised nations share a need for electricity, it is clear that solar power will increasingly be used to supply a cheap, reliable electricity supply. In 2004 the worldwide production of solar cells increased by 60% but silicon shortages reduced growth afterwards.
The list below shows the largest photovoltaic plants in the world. For comparison, the largest non-photovoltaic solar plant, the solar trough-based SEGS in California produces 350 MW and the largest nuclear reactors generate more than 1,000 MW. A Solar power station in Victoria, Australia, which will not come into service until 2010, is expected to be 154 MW when it is completed in 2013.
Some universities and institutes which have a photovoltaics research department.

Quotient
In mathematics, a quotient is the end result of a division problem. For example, in the problem 6 ÷ 3, the quotient would be 2. Then 6 would be called the dividend, and 3 the divisor. The quotient can also be expressed as the number of times the divisor divides into the dividend.
A quotient can also mean just the integral part of the result of dividing two integers. For example, the quotient of 13 ÷ 5 would be 2 while the remainder would be 3.
Quotients also come up in certain tests, like the IQ test, which stands for intelligence quotient. In this case, your quotient is basically your score. In recent decades, as people begin to emphasize on full personal development, other similar quotients appeared.

Nizhny_Novgorod
Nizhny Novgorod (Russian:Ни́жний Но́вгород, often shortened to "Nizhny") is the fourth largest city in Russia. The first three are Moscow, St. Petersburg, and Novosibirsk. Nizhny Novgorod had a population of 1,311,252 in 2002, and one of 1,438,133 in 1989. It is the economic and cultural center of the vast Volga-Vyatka economic region, and also the administrative center of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast and Volga Federal District.
From 1932 to 1990 the city was known as Gorky (Russian: Го́рький} after the writer Maxim Gorky.

Tetanus
Tetanus is a disease that leads to muscle contractions that hold on for some time.
Infection generally occurs through wound contamination, and often involves a cut or deep puncture wound. The primary symptoms are caused by tetanospasmin, a neurotoxin produced by the anaerobic bacterium "Clostridium tetani". As the infection goes on, muscle spasms develop in the jaw. This led to the common name of the condition, lockjaw. This is usually followed by difficulties with swallowing. The condition leads to general muscle stiffness and spasms in other parts of the body. Infection can be prevented by proper immunization and by post-exposure prophylaxis.

Colon_(punctuation)
The colon (":") is a punctuation mark, visually consisting of two equally sized dots centered on the same vertical line.
Usage.
As with many other punctuation marks, the usage of colon varies among languages and, for a given language, among historical periods. As a rule, however, a colon informs the reader that what follows proves, clarifies, explains, or simply enumerates elements of what is referred to before.
This last was once a common means of indicating an unmarked quotation on the same line (from the Fowlers' grammar book, "The King's English")
In English, a colon may be followed either by a capital letter or by a lower case letter, depending on usage: where speech follows, a capital letter is used; where an acronym or proper noun follows, a capital is used; otherwise a lower case letter is used.
Conventions and non-English languages.
In European languages the colon is usually followed by a lowercase letter (again, unless the uppercase is due to other reasons, such as a proper noun). Exceptions are Dutch and German, where an uppercase letter must be used if the colon is followed by a complete sentence or a noun, although in all other cases a lowercase letter should be used.
No space is put before a colon, except in French.
Other uses.
In Finnish and Swedish, the colon can appear inside words in a manner similar to the English apostrophe, between a word (or abbreviation, especially an acronym) and its grammatical (mostly genitive) suffixes. It occurs in names, for example ("Ax:son" for "Axelson"). It is done in loanwords and abbreviations; e.g., "USA:han" for the illative case of "USA". But for loanwords ending orthographically in a consonant but phonetically in a vowel, the apostrophe is used instead: e.g. "show'n" for the genitive case of the English loan "show".
History.
The colon was established in the English language well before 1700.
Diacritical usage.
A special triangular colon symbol is used in IPA to indicate that the preceding sound is long. Its form is that of two triangles, each a bit larger than a point of a standard colon, pointing toward each other. It is available in Unicode as modifier letter triangular colon, Unicode U+02D0 (). A regular colon is often used as a fallback when this character is not available, and in the practical orthography of some languages (particularly in Mexico) which have a phonemic long/short distinction in vowels.
Mathematics.
The colon is also used in mathematics, cartography, model building and other fields to denote a ratio or a scale, as in 3:1 (pronounced "three to one").
Unicode provides a distinct ratio character, Unicode U+2236 () for mathematical usage.
In many non-Anglophone countries the colon is used as a division sign: "a divided by b" is written as "a : b".
The combination with an equal sign, formula_1, is used for definitions.
Computing.
In computing, the colon character is represented by ASCII code 58, and is located at Unicode code-point U+003A. The full-width (double-byte) equivalent, ：, is located at Unicode code point U+FF1A.
The colon is quite often used as a special control character in many operating systems commands, URLs, computer programming languages, and in the path representation of several file systems. It is often used as a single post-fix delimiter, signifying a token keyword had immediately preceded it or the transition from one mode of character string interpretation to another related mode. Some applications, such as the widely used MediaWiki, utilize the colon as both a pre-fix and post-fix delimiter.
For a double colon see Paamayim Nekudotayim.
Internet usage.
Colons may also be used for sounds.:Click: Compare to the use of the asterisk.
It also has the widespread usage of representing two vertically aligned eyes in a emoticon, such as:),:(:P,:D, etc.

Göppingen
Göppingen is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The population is about 83,030,000 people

Roman_Abramovich
Roman Abramovich (born 24 October 1966 in Saratov, Russia) is a Russian businessman. He is one of the richest men in the world. According to 2006 Forbes Magazine, he has a net worth of $18.2 billion. He owns Chelsea F.C., an English Premiership football club. He has given Chelsea much money to pay players. He is governor of a region of Russia.

Couëron
Couëron is a city in France on the Atlantic Ocean near Nantes. About 18.000 people live in the city.

Manure
Manure is organic matter used as fertilizer in agriculture. Manures improve the fertility of the soil by adding organic matter and nutrients, such as nitrogen that is trapped by bacteria in the soil. Higher organisms then feed on the fungi and bacteria in a chain of life.
The term "manure" was used for inorganic fertilizers in the past, but this usage is now very rare.
Etymology.
The word manure came from Middle English "manuren" meaning "to cultivate land," and initially from French "main-oeuvre" = "hand work" alluding to the work which involved manuring land.
Types.
There are two classes of manures in soil management: green manures and animal manures. Compost is distinguished from manure in that it is the "decomposed" remnants of organic materials (which may, nevertheless, include manure).
Most animal manure is feces — excrement (variously called "droppings" or "crap" etc) of plant-eating mammals (herbivores) and plant material (often straw) which has been used as bedding for animals and thus is heavily contaminated with their feces and urine.
Green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them under. In so doing, fertility is increased through the nutrients and organic matter that are returned to the soil.
Uses of manure.
Manure has been used for centuries as a fertilizer for farming, as it is rich in nitrogen and other nutrients which facilitate the growth of plants. Liquid manure from pig/hog operations is usually knifed (injected) directly into the soil to reduce the unpleasant odors. Manure from hogs and cattle is spread on fields using a Manure spreader. Due to the relatively lower level of proteins in grasses, which herbivores eat, cattle manure has a milder smell than the dung of carnivores — for example, elephant dung is practically odorless. However, due to the quantity of manure applied to fields, odor can be a problem in some agricultural regions. Poultry droppings are harmful to plants when fresh but after a period of composting are valuable fertilizers.
The dried manure of animals has been used as fuel throughout history. Dried manure (usually known as dung) of cow was, and still is, an important fuel source in countries such as India, while camel dung may be used in treeless regions such as deserts. On the Oregon Trail, pioneering families collected large quantities of "buffalo chips" in lieu of scarce firewood. It has been used for many purposes, in cooking fires and to combat the cold desert nights.
Another use of manure is to make paper, this has been done with dung from elephants where it is a small industry in Africa and Asia, and also horses, llamas, and kangaroos. Other than the llama, these animals are not ruminants and thus tend to pass plant fibres undigested in their dung.

Winchester_College
Winchester College is a well-known boys' school. It is an example of a British public school. The school is located in the city of Winchester in Hampshire, England. Its official name is Collegium Sanctae Mariae prope Wintoniam (or Collegium Beatae Mariae Wintoniensis prope Winton), or St Mary's College near Winchester. The school is commonly just called "Winchester". Winchester has existed for over six hundred years. It has the longest unbroken history of any school in England. It is one of the original nine English public schools as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868.
History.
Winchester College was founded in 1382 by William of Wykeham, Bishop of Winchester and Chancellor to Richard II. The first seventy students entered the school in 1394. It was founded with New College, Oxford. Winchester was built to get students ready to attend New College. This was the model for Eton College and King's College, Cambridge 50 years later and for Westminster School, Christ Church, Oxford and Trinity College, Cambridge in Tudor times.
The headmaster is currently Dr Ralph Townsend, formerly of Sydney Grammar School and Oundle School.

Chelmsford_(borough)
Chelmsford is a borough in the county of Essex in England. It has the same name as its main town of Chelmsford, the county town of Essex.

Falco
Falco (born February 19, 1957 in Vienna, Austria as Johann (Hans) Hölzel, and died on February 6, 1998 in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic) was an Austrian pop singer. His breakthrough was "Der Kommissar", which beat top positions in international charts. This song and his first two albums were produced by Robert Ponger.
His song "Rock me Amadeus" has been the one and only German-speaking song reaching no.1 on the US charts. From 1985 to 1988 he produced 3 albums with the Dutch Production Team Bolland & Bolland. "Falco 3" became his most successfull record reaching number 3 of the US Longplay Charts.
In 1985, Falco also had his 3rd No.1 hit "Jeanny" and in 1986 his 4th - "Coming Home (Jeanny Part 2)".
Unsuccessful albums like "Data de Groove" (produced by Ponger again) followed.
In 1988 he married Isabella Vitkovic, one year later, in 1989, they separated. Ponger and the Bollands produced all of the albums that were released in his life-span.
To stay tuned Falco recorded many techno songs and worked with different producers for his last album.
He did not survive his comeback: The successful album "Out of the dark (into the light)" was released after Falco's death.

Mood_stabilizer
A mood stabilizer is a psychiatric medication used to treat mood disorders characterized by fast and unstable mood changes. One of the disorders treated is bipolar disorder. With that condition, the mood can change rapidly, between mania and depression. Many mood stabilizers can also prevent convulsions.

Swalwell,_Alberta
Swalwell is a small village in Kneehill County, Alberta, Canada. It is about from Calgary, the largest city in the Province of Alberta.
Swalwell is at. It has a population of 338 people. The postal code in Swalwell is T0M 1Y0.

Bruno_Kreisky
Bruno Kreisky (January 22, 1911 – July 29, 1990) served as Chancellor of Austria from 1970 to 1983. He is remembered in Austria as one of the people who helped shape the Austrian State Treaty. This treaty is the foundation of modern-day Austria. It was signed in 1955.

NKVD
The NKVD ("Narodny Komissariat Vnutrennikh Del") or "People's Commisariat for Internal Affairs") was a government department which handled a number of the Soviet Union's affairs of state.
The NKVD is best known for the Main Directorate for State Security (GUGB), which came after the OGPU and the Cheka as the secret police agency of the Soviet Union, and which became KGB. Many think of the NKVD as a criminal group. This is mostly because of the activities of GUGB officers and investigators. The NKVD was also in charge of Stalin's foreign intelligence service and overseas 'special operations'. These NKVD sub-branches hired spies and gathered of political, military, and economic information from other countries. They also got rid of political enemies who lived outside of the Soviet Union and enforced Stalin's policies within Communist Party movements in other countries.
In addition to its state security and police functions, some of its departments handled other matters, such as transportation, fire guards, border guards (NKVD Border Troops), etc. These jobs were usually assigned to the Ministry of the Interior (MVD).

François-Joseph_Gossec
François-Joseph Gossec (born Vergnies, 17 January 1734 — 16 February, 1829) was a South Netherlands composer. He was born in what is now Belgium, but worked in France during his long life. People hardly ever hear his music now except for one very popular piece of dance music called Tambourin. He was famous in France in his time and had a lot of influence on French music.
Life and Work.
Gossec’s family were small farmers. When Gossec was young he worked as a cowherd (someone who looks after cows). He showed a lot of talent and became a choir-boy in the Cathedral of Notre Dame in Antwerp.
In 1751 he went to Paris. The composer Jean-Philippe Rameau was very impressed by him and got him jobs playing the violin and double bass in his private orchestra. He heard a lot of music by German composers and started to write music of his own. His symphony in D was one of the first works in France to use clarinets which had only just been invented. He composed many operas as well as instrumental works.
In 1762 Gossec became the conductor of a private theatre of the Prince of Condé at Chantilly. A lot of German and Bohemian wind players at that time went to Paris, and Gossec gave them jobs in his orchestra.
Gossec wrote a lot of music for the French Revolution. When the Paris Conservatoire was opened in 1795 he became a teacher of composition there.
Gossec composed lots of different kinds of music. His music for instruments was very successful. He wrote operas which suited the taste of French people at the time, but he did not have a good sense of drama and the words of his operas were uninteresting. He was an important man in the history of music because he organized a lot of musical events in Paris. He was made a "chevalier" of the Legion of Honour. A lot of composers went to his funeral.

Jeffrey_Archer
Jeffrey Howard Archer, Baron Archer of Weston-super-Mare (born May 15, 1940) is a British author and politician. He was a member of Parliament, Deputy Chairman of the Conservative Party and since 1992 is a life peer. His political career ended after an indictment for perjury. He is married to Mary Archer, a prominent scientist in solar power.
Early life.
Jeffrey Howard Archer was born in the City of London Maternity Hospital. When he was two weeks old he and his family moved to the seaside town of Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, where he spent most of his young life.
At Oxford he was successful in athletics, competing in sprinting and hurdling. He also made a name for himself in raising money for the then little-known charity Oxfam, famously managing to obtain the support of The Beatles in a charity fundraising drive. The band accepted his invitation to visit the Senior Common Room of his Brasenose College, where they were photographed with Archer and dons of the college, although they didn't play there. It was during this period that he met his future wife, Mary. They married in July 1966.
At the age of 29, he was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for a Lincolnshire constituency, holding the seat for the Conservative Party in a by-election on 4 December 1969.
In Parliament, Archer was on the left of the Conservative Party, rebelling against some of his party's policies. He urged free TV licences for the elderly and was against museum charges. Archer voted against restoring the death penalty saying it was barbaric and obscene.
Archer had to resign because of a scandal in October 1986 when the Sunday newspaper "The News of the World" led on the story "Tory boss Archer pays vice-girl". The article claimed that Archer had paid Monica Coghlan, a prostitute £2000 through an intermediary at Waterloo Station to go abroad. Unlike the "Daily Star", the newspaper did not allege that Archer had actually slept with Coghlan. Archer sued the "Daily Star".
Perjury and downfall.
Archer had been selected by the Conservative Party as their candidate for the London mayoral election of 2000. He was forced to withdraw from the race when it was revealed that he was facing a charge of perjury.
On 4 February, 2000 Archer was expelled from the Conservative Party for five years. On 26 September, 2000 he was charged with perjury and perverting the course of justice (i.e., obstruction of justice) during the 1987 libel trial.
A few months before the beginning of the perjury trial, Archer began performing in the star role in a courtroom play (which he also wrote) called "The Accused". The play was staged at London's Theatre Royal Haymarket and concerns the court trial of an alleged murderer from beginning to end. The play used the innovation of assigning the role of jury in the trial to the audience, with theatre-goers voting on whether Archer's character was innocent or guilty at the end of each night's performance. Archer would attend his real trial during the day and be judged in his fictional trial at the theatre in the evening.
The real life trial began on 30 May, 2001. On 19 July, 2001 Lord Archer was found guilty of perjury. He was sentenced to a total of four years' imprisonment by Mr. Justice Potts. The most ironic aspect of his trial was that he had fabricated the alibi for the wrong date. Archer never spoke during the trial. Ted Francis was found not guilty of perverting the course of justice.
On 21 July, 2003 he was released on licence, after serving half of his sentence, from HMP Hollesley Bay, Suffolk.
Many of Lord Archer's friends remained loyal to him.

Wetsuit
A wetsuit is a garment used by scuba divers, snorkelers, windsurfers, and surfers to keep themselves warm when they are in cold ocean water. Wetsuits act as insulation, and help the body to retain its heat. Wetsuits are made of plastic or rubber materials such as neoprene. Wetsuits include torso coverings, leggings, head coverings, and hand and feet coverings.
Partial wetsuits.
When people are doing diving or water sports in areas where the water is not very cold, they may only wear some parts of a wetsuit, such as a torso covering or leggings.
wet suits are garments that oceangoers wear!
it's very vital when going to th ocean and dive because it serves as a life and system protector.
Full wetsuits.
Deepwater divers often wear full wetsuits that include torso coverings, leggings, head coverings, and hand and feet coverings. In very cold water, a scuba diver may need to wear a dry suit.

Rigveda
Rigveda is an ancient Indian religious book. It is counted as one of the 4 sacred Hindu writings, which are called Vedas. It is one of the world's oldest religious writings. It is also one of the oldest writings in an Indo-European language. Rigveda is very important to Hindus, especially Hindus in India and Nepal. It words are said during prayers and religious gatherings.
Rig Veda mainly contains various hymns for praying Vedic Gods such as Agni (Fire God), Indra (The lord of Heavens), Mitra, Varuna (Water God), Surya (Sun God) etc. These hymns are called Riks. Hence the Veda is called Rik-Veda or RigVeda.

Sierra_Nevada_(Spain)
The Sierra Nevada, meaning "snowy range" in Spanish, is a mountain range in the region of Andalusia in Spain. It contains the highest point of continental Spain, Mulhacén at 3,479 m.
It is a popular tourist destination, as its high peaks make skiing possible in Europe's most southern ski resort in an area along the Mediterranean Sea predominantly known for its warm temperatures and abundant sunshine. At its foothills is found the city of Granada and, a little farther, Málaga and Almería.

Sydney_Harbour_Bridge
The Sydney Harbour Bridge, located in Sydney Harbour, is a bridge that joins north Sydney with south Sydney. People can cross the bridge by car, walking or by train. There is a tunnel that goes underneath. It is an important tourist attraction. The scenery attracts many tourists and people living in or near the city. One of the many attractions of the Harbour Bridge is its famous 'BridgeClimb'.

Caecilian
The Caecilians are an order (Gymnophiona or Apoda) of amphibians. Most of them look like either earthworms or snakes. They mostly live hidden in the ground. For this reason, they are the least explored order of amphibians. As of 2007, they are widely unknown
Anatomy.
Caecilians completely lack limbs. For this reason, the smaller species resemble worms, while the larger species with lengths up to 1.5 m are similar to snakes. The tail is short and the cloaca is near the end of the body. Their skin is smooth and usually dark in colour. Some species have colorful skins, though. Inside the skin are calcite scales. This suggests that they may be related to the fossil Stegocephalia.Scientists believe that the scales are a secondary development. If this was the case, they would not directly have been inherited from Stegocephalia. Due to their underground life the eyes are small. Skin often covers them, to protect them. This has led to the idea that they are blind, which is not the case. Because of the skin cover, their "seeing" is limited to simple dark-light perception. They can tell the difference between dark and light. All Caecilians have two tentacles at their head. The tentacles are probably used for a second smelling capability in addition to the normal sense of smell based in the nose.
Most Caecilians have lungs. So far, only one species named "Atretochoana eiselti" is known that does not have lungs. As of 2007, there was only one sample of this species. That sample had been collected somewhere in South America. Those that have lungs also use the skin or the mouth to get oxygen. Often the left lung is much smaller than the right one. This is an adaptation to the shape of the body. It can also be found in snakes.
Distribution.
Caecilians can be found in most of the tropical regions of South-East Asia, Africa, the Seychelles islands and South America, except the dry areas and high mountains. In South America they can be found well into the temperate north of Argentina. They can be seen as far south as Buenos Aires, when they are carried by the flood waters of the Parana river coming from farther north. No studies have been made in central Africa, but it is likely that caecilians are found in the tropical rainforests there. The northernmost distribution is of the species "Ichthyophis sikkimensis" of Northern India. In Africa caecilians are found from Guinea Bissau ("Geotrypetes") until Northern Zambia ("Scolecomorphus"). In South-East Asia the Wallace-Line is not crossed and they are not found in Australia or the islands in between. "Ichthyophis" is also found in South China and North-Vietnam.
Reproduction.
Caecilians are the only order of amphibians which only use internal insemination. The male Caecilians have a penis-like organ, the phallodeum, which is inserted into the cloaca of the female for 2 to 3 hours. About 25% of the species are oviparous (egg-laying); the eggs are guarded by the female. For some species the young caecilians are already metamorphosed when they hatch, other hatch as larvae. The larvae are not fully aquatic, but spend the daytime in the soil near the water.
75% of the species are viviparous, meaning that they give birth to already developed offspring. The fetus is fed inside the female with special cells of the oviduct, which are eaten by the fetus with special scraping teeth. Some larvae, such as those of "Typhlonectes", are born with enormous external gills which are shed almost immediately. The egg laying species "Boulengerula taitanus" feeds its young by developing a special outer layer of skin, which the young peel off with similar teeth. "Ichthyophis" is oviparous and is also known to show maternal care.
Diet.
The diet of caecilians is not known well, though it seems it mostly consists of insects and invertebrates found in the habitat of the respecitive species. The stomach content of 14 specimens of "Afrocaecilia taitana" consisted of mostly undefinable organic material and plantal remains. Where identifiable remains were most abundant, they were found to be termite heads. While it was suggested that the undefinable organic material shows that the caecilians eat detritus, others believe these are in fact the remains of earthworms. Caecilians in captivity can be easily fed with earthworms, and worms are also common in the habitat of many caecilian species.
Origin of the name.
The name "Caecilian" derives from the Latin word "caecus" = blind, referring to the small or sometimes non-existing eyes. The name dates back to the taxonomic name of the first species described by Carolus Linnaeus, which he gave the name "Caecilia tentaculata". The taxonomic name of the order derives from the Greek words γυμνος ("gymnos", naked) and οφις ("ophis", snake), as the caecilians were originally thought to be related to snakes.
Taxonomy.
Taxonomically the caecilians are divided into 6 families. The species numbers are approximate and many of these species are identified on the basis of only one specimen. It is likely that not all species have been described yet, and that some of the species described below as different may be combined into one species in future reclassifications.
Recent discoveries.
A Swiss researcher Daniel Hofer has recently found that certain caecilians produce potent skin poisons from specialized poison glands. The poison prevents predation and the poison of the bright yellow caecilian of São Tomé Island ("Schistometopum thomense") in West Africa kills other animals kept in the same tank within a few days. The chemical contents of caecilian poison have not been well studied. Werner Himstedt has shown that the skin glands of "Ichthyophis" protects the eggs from germs and fungi. It has also been shown that these poisons are very different from those from other amphibians such as the arrow poison frogs.
The hatchlings of the oviparous East African "Boulengerula taitanus" have special teeth that allow them to peel and eat their mother's skin. The mother's skin in this species was found to be thicker than normal and contained a high level of fat and other nutrients.

Inheritance_(computer_science)
In Object-oriented programming languages, inheritance is a way to add functionality. Object-oriented programming has the notion of classes (and perhaps interfaces). A "derived class" inherits most fields and methods from its parent class. It can modify the behaviour of the parent, by adding new fields and methods, or by modifying existing ones. Depending on the programming language used, there may be certain restrictions when extending a class.

Diving_suit
A diving suit is a type of protective clothing worn by scuba divers when they swim underwater in oceans, lakes, and rivers. Diving suits help insulate the diver from the cold temperature of the water. There are several types of diving suits, including wetsuits and dry suits.

Isis
Isis (pronounced or eye-sis) was a goddess in Egyptian mythology. She was the sister and wife of Osiris, and they had a son named Horus. When Seth tried to kill Osiris, Isis brought him back to life with her magic, but only for one night.
Origin of the name.
The English pronunciation used,), comes from the pronunciation of the Greek name, which changed the Egyptian name by adding a final "-s" because of the grammatical requirements of Greek noun endings.
The Egyptian name was recorded as or and meant '(She of the) Throne'. However the true Egyptian pronunciation is not known because their writing system left out vowels. Based on recent studies, the reconstructed pronunciation of her name is * (ooh-saht). Later, the name in Coptic dialects was "Ēse" or "Ēsi".
To make it easier to say, Egyptologists choose to say the word as "ee-set". Sometimes they may also say "ee-sa". This is because the last "t" in her name was a feminine (female) suffix which is known to have been dropped in speech in the last stages of the Egyptian language.
Worship of Isis.
Many Egyptian gods and goddesses started in one place, and all through their history had their own city where they were worshipped, and many big cities and towns are known as the hometowns of their god or goddess. However, no local cities where Isis was worshipped have been found; all through her early history there are no known temples to her. Worship of Isis did not start until as late as the 30th dynasty; until that time Isis was worshiped in temples of other gods or goddesses. However, even in the 30th dynasty Isis was worshiped together with Horus and Osiris. Temples to Isis became common in the Roman times. There was a temple built to her at Philae.
Image:Monteverde tempio di Iside 2873.JPG|thumb|left|Temple of Isis in Rome - remains of the Sanctuary Isiaco, the Janiculum (via Dandolo)
By this time, temples to Isis began to spread outside of Egypt. In many places her followers took over the worship to the Semitic goddess Astarte, because of the similarity of names. In the Hellenic era, because she was known as a protector, and mother, she also became the goddess of sailors.
In all parts of the Graeco-Roman world, Isis became one of the most important figures of the "mystery religions", and many classical writers sometimes wrote about her temples, and followers. Temples to Isis were built in Iraq, Greece, Rome, even as far north as England where the remains of a temple were found at Hadrian's Wall. At Philae, she was worshiped until the 6th century, after the rise of Christianity. The fall of her temples is usually said to mark the end of ancient Egypt.
Priesthood.
Little information on Egyptian priests of Isis has been found, but we know that there were both priests and priestesses of her followers all through her history. By the Graeco-Roman era, many of them were healers, and were said to have many other powers, including explaining dreams and the power to control the weather by braiding or combing their hair.
Isis in literature.
The Greek scholar Plutarch, in "Isis and Osiris", writes of Isis: "she is both wise, and a lover of wisdom; as her name appears to denote that, more than any other, knowing and knowledge belong to her." and that the shrine of Isis in Sais carried the inscription "I am all that hath been, and is, and shall be; and my veil no mortal has hitherto raised."

1966_FIFA_World_Cup
The 1966 FIFA World Cup was the eighth FIFA World Cup. It was held in England from July 11 to July 30. England was chosen as hosts by FIFA to celebrate 100 years of football in England. England won the final beating West Germany 4-2. This was England's first (and so far only) World Cup win. England also became the first host to win since Italy won it in 1934. Later Germany, Argentina and France won it at their homes.

Canon_Law
Canon law is the term used for the internal ecclesiastical law of many churches, such as the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Churches and the Anglican Communion of churches.
Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Church has the oldest continuously functioning legal system in the Western World. It is older than the common and European civil law traditions. What began with rules ("canons") adopted by the Apostles themselves at the Council of Jerusalem in the First Century led to a highly complex and original legal system that included norms of the New Testament, of the Hebrew (Old Testament), Roman, Visigothic, Saxon, and Celtic legal traditions with thousands of years of human experience.

Hammer_(piano)
A piano uses hammers - pieces of wood covered with felt - to hit the strings. The vibration of the string makes a sound.

Thylacine
Thylacines were carnivorous (meat eating) marsupial animals. The "Thylacine" was also known as a Tasmanian Tiger, a Tasmanian Wolf and a Tasmanian hyena. The last known "Thylacine" died in a Hobart zoo on September 7, 1936. They once lived across Australia and New Guinea. There are paintings of the animals in the north of Western Australia, and in the Northern Territory. At Riversleigh in north Queensland, scientists have discovered the fossil bones of thylacines that are at least 30 million years old. When the dingo came to Australia about 5,000 years ago, the thylacine slowly died out. By the time Europeans came to Australia in 1788, the Thylacine was only living in Tasmania. They were hunted because farmers said they were killing sheep. The Tasmanian government gave money to farmers for each thylacine they killed. They are now extinct, there are no thylacines left alive anywhere in the world).
Image:ThylacineHobart1933.jpg|thumb|Thyalcine in Hobart zoo, 1933
Appearance.
The "Thylacine" was about 1.1 metres (44 inches) long and its tail was up to 53 cms (21 inches) long. It was grey and brown in colour with 16 black or brown stripes on its back. It had the same shape as a dog, but the back, rump and tail were more like a kangaroo. Its tail was quite stiff. It had very short legs. It had teeth like a dog, but with more incisor teeth. It also had a crescent shaped bag, opening to the back, to carry its young.
The "thylacine" was a nocturnal (night) hunting animal. They ate wallabies, rats, birds, echidnas, rabbits and sheep.

Franks_(disambiguation)
The Franks are medieval Germanic tribes.

Masaccio
Tommaso Guidi, better known as Masaccio, (1401 - 1428), was a famous painter of the Italian Renaissance. He worked in Florence. "Masaccio" was a nickname that meant "Fat Untidy Tom". He lived a very short life and only a few of his paintings exist, but they were so different to the style of other artists around him that they helped other painters to see a lot of things that could help people things in a new way.
Youth.
Masaccio was born on 21 December, 1401, in the town of San Giovanni Valdarno, in the valley of the Arno River, near Florence. He was the son of a "notary", a person who writes legal documents. His older brother became a painter and moved to Florence to the workshop of a painter called Bicci di Lorenzo. It is not known for certain, but it is thought that Masaccio may have trained at the same workshop. Masaccio's brother was nicknamed "Lo Scheggia" which means "The Splinter", so it is thought that he was a skinny as Masaccio was fat.
In 1422, when he was 21, Masaccio was already known as a painter, because he joined the "Company of Saint Luke", which was a guild that helped artists and set down the rules for their employment.
Earliest painting.
The earliest known painting by Masaccio is the "San Giovenale Triptych", dating from 1422. A "triptych" is a painting in three parts, most often used as an altarpiece. This altarpiece has in the middle panel the Virgin Mary and Christ Child on a throne. The wings, or side panels, each show two saints. Kneeling in front of the Virgin Mary are two little angels. One of the things that makes this painting different from most other paintings of the same time is that the angels are shown from the back. Their position is an invitation for the viewer to kneel down and worship the Virgin and Child as well. Masaccio used this way of making the viewer feel part of the scene in many of his paintings.
The plump solemn Baby Jesus with his fingers in his mouth, the three-dimensional look of the figures and the lack of rich decoration make this picture look very different from most other altarpieces of this time, which were painted in a style called International Gothic.
Portraits.
In April 1422 an event took place in Florence that was to be important in Masaccio's life. A new church was opened, and there was a grand procession and feast to celebrate. The church was Santa Maria del Carmine and Masaccio went along with his good friends, the sculptor Donatello, the architect Brunelleschi and the painter Masolino.
After the feast day, it seems that Masaccio went to Rome, probably with his friends. Brunelleschi and Donatello like to spend a lot of time poking around among the ruins of Ancient Rome. It is believed that on this trip Masaccio also spent a lot of time poking around in the ruins. What he saw were the sculptures of a previous age- more life-like and realistic than anything that he had ever seen before. Many of the sculptures showed pocessions of figures, but each figure was different from the next, so that they all looked like real "individual" people.
When Masaccio returned to Florence he was given a job, a "commission" to paint a fresco of the procession that had taken place for the opening of the new church. Masaccio was inspired by what he had seen in Rome.
The writer Vasari, who must have seen the picture before it was destroyed in the late 1500s, wrote that the people were in rows that were five or six deep, but painted in such a way that they were all different, fat ones and thin ones, tall ones and short ones, some in long cloaks, some in big hats, and every single one was a portrait of a real person who lived in Florence at the time. And of course, Masaccio put his friends Brunelleschi, Donatello and Masolino into the picture. Luckily, several artists made drawings at some time in the 1500s, so part of the design has been recorded, even though the painting itself has gone.
Working with Masolino.
In the Uffizi Gallery in Florence is an altarpiece that shows the Madonna and Child with Saint Anne. The Madonna and Child are seated on a throne, as is usual. Saint Anne, who was the mother of the Virgin Mary, is shown standing behind Mary with one hand on her daughter's shoulder and the other hand above the head of the Baby Jesus in a sign of blessing. The painting may have been done for a convent of nuns who honoured Saint Anne.
It is believed that this painting is a "collaboration"; that two artists worked on it together. It is believed by Art Historians that Masaccio painted Mary and Jesus and the angel near the top right. It is believed that Saint Anne and the other four angels were painted by Masolino.
Masolino was 17 years older than Masaccio. His name was Tommaso da Panicale, so when the two began to work together, they were known as Masaccio and Masolino, which means "Little Tom". Those are the names by which they are remembered as painters.
Collaborating.
"The Brancacci Chapel" is a large chapel at the Church of Santa Maria del Carmine where Masaccio had previously worked painting the procession. It was sponsored by the Brancacci family who paid for its decoration. There are no written records to show why or how it happened, but it seems that Masaccio and Masolino were given the job together. At first everything went very well and then things went very badly. It looked as if the job would never be finished. In fact, it is lucky that the paintings in the chapel survived at all.
The job seems to have started in 1423 or 1424 but this is not certain. The plan of the paintings was to show firstly how Sin came into the world through the disobedience of Adam and Eve. A painting by Masolino shows their disobedience in taking fruit from the forbidden tree. A painting opposite it by Masaccio shows Adam and Eve in disgrace, being chased out of the Garden of Eden. The rest of the paintings show "The Life of Saint Peter". This is because Saint Peter was the founder of the Catholic Church and the paintings were meant to show that the best way to know about God's love is through the Church.
It seems that Masaccio and Masolino happily planned a scheme of frescoes that went together is a pleasing way, even though they are in two styles. It is not hard to tell which scenes Masolino painted and which were done by Masaccio. Masolino's are prettier and more elegant. Masaccio's scenes show figures that are strong and have drapes like the statues that he saw in Rome. The thing that was most different in his painting to other artists of the same time was that the figures looked very solid and three-dimensional. He was influenced by the paintings of Giotto who had worked in Florence at the "Church of Santa Croce" nearly a hundred years earlier, but whose style of painting had given way to the International Gothic style.
Apart from the "Adam and Eve" scenes, which are the smallest of the pictures, the most famous is Masaccio's picture of "The Tribute Money". This large picture is set partly against a background of mountains and a lake, and partly against the background of a town which is similar to Florence. There are three scenes from the story. In the centre of the picture is a large group, Jesus and his twelve disciples. A tax collector has come to ask for a payment, but none of the men have any money. Jesus tells Peter to go fishing in the lake. Peter looks rather annoyed, wondering what good it will do. To the left, the small figure of Peter is kneeling at the edge of the lake with a fish he has caught. Inside the fish is a coin. To the right side of the picture, Peter is shown giving the coin to the tax collector. He no longer looks argumentative. Instead, he looks humble. Masaccio has expertly shown the feelings of the characters, not only by their faces, but also through body language.
Neither Masaccio nor Masolino were able to work on the frescoes continuously, as they both kept getting other jobs to attend to. In 1428 Masaccio was asked to go to Rome to paint an altarpiece for one of the most important and ancient churches, Santa Maria Maggiore. He only painted one panel, "Saint Jerome and Saint John the Baptist", before he died at the age of 27 years. Masolino and perhaps another artist, Domenico Veneziano worked on, and finished the altarpiece, which was later broken into pieces and scattered to galleries in different countries. Masaccio's panel is in the National Gallery, London.
Masolino lived for another 19 years, but he never went back to finish the Brancacci frescoes. The Brancacci family fell into disgrace and were chased out of Florence. One of Masaccio's pictures was attacked because it had portraits of some of the Brancacci family in it. Some 50 years later, in the 1480s, all the scenes that remained incomplete or not begun were painted by Filippino Lippi, who tried to respect the styles that Masaccio and Masolino had used before him.
Damage.
The chapel, which was dedicated to Saint Peter, was re-dedicated to "Our Lady of the Common People" and to her honour a magnificent ancient altarpiece by Coppo di Marcovaldo, dating from about 1280 was put into place. Because this image of the Virgin Mary was said to work miracles, many hundreds of candles were lit in front of it which soon stained the frescoes so that their bright colours could no longer be seen. Eventually the painting was moved to a different church. Then part of the roof fell in and had to be replaced. More damage was done in re-decorating. In 1680 the Marquis Francesco Ferroni decided that the paintings were too old-fashioned and should all be pulled down. Luckily the Grand Duchess Vittoria della Rovere stopped this from happening. In 1734 a painter called Antonio Pillori cleaned the frescoes. Then in the 1770, there was a fire in the church, causing worse staining and some damage to the frescoes. (Luckily the precious altarpiece had been moved.)
Discoveries.
In recent years there have been four interesting discoveries. During a minor cleaning in 1904 two slabs of marble near the altar were moved. Underneath were the bright colours that showed what the frescoes should look like. Examination of the areas where two windows had been changed showed the plans for two paintings that had been destroyed. The final discoveries in the chapel itself were two painted "roundels" with little angel faces in them, one by Masaccio and one by Masolino.
There was a problem to be solved in the minds of some art historians. Despite these interesting findings, there was a scene missing from the story of Saint Peter. It is the scene where Jesus says "You are Peter, and on this Rock I build my Church." This part of the story is of the greatest importance to the Roman Catholic Church because Peter was the first Bishop of Rome, and so the Pope rules as his direct line. The scene is usually shown by Jesus giving Peter the "Keys of Heaven". "The Keys", for hundreds of years, have been the symbol of the Pope. But the story of "the Keys" is completely missing.
Then, in the 1940s, John Pope-Hennessy, the director of the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, realised that the museum owned a work of art that was exactly the thing that was missing from the Brancacci Chapel. It was a thin, almost flat marble slab delicately carved with the scene of Jesus giving "the Keys" to Peter. It was just the right size to make the front of an altar. And although it could not be proved, it was almost certainly carved by Masaccio's friend, Donatello.
"The Trinity".
At some time while he was working on the "Brancacci Chapel", Masaccio painted a fresco for another church in Florence, "Santa Maria Novella", the church of the Dominican Order. This is a very remarkable painting and one of Masaccio's most famous. It shows the "Holy Trinity", (or God in three parts). God is shown as the eternal Creator, as the humble Sacrifice in Jesus on the Cross and as the inspiring Spirit. On either side of the Cross stand the Virgin Mary and Saint John. The two kneeling figures are the family who payed for the painting.
Masaccio has painted this very holy scene as if it was taking place in a deep recess or small chapel in the wall of the church. He has done this by using very accurate perspective. It is believed that the architect Brunelleschi may have helped him with this, as the painted architecture looks very much like buildings that Brunelleschi designed.
Influence.
Vasari writes that Masaccio was not very famous in his own time. In 1440 his body was brought home to Florence and buried at Santa Maria del Carmine but no monument was put up in his honour. Shortly afterwards people began to honour him as a painter. Michelangelo and many other painters and sculptors went to the "Brancacci Chapel" to study Masaccio's paintings. His influence can be seen in the paintings of Fra Angelico, Piero della Francesca, Ghirlandaio and particularly Michelangelo.

Clovis_I
Clovis I (variously spelled Chlodowech or Chlodwig, giving modern French "Louis" and modern German "Ludwig") (c. 466 – November 27 511) was the first king of the Franks who united that nation. He succeeded his father Childeric I in 481 as King of the Salian Franks, one of two main groups of Frankish tribes, They were occupying the area west of the lower Rhine at that time, with their centre around Tournai and Cambrai along the modern frontier between France and Belgium. Clovis conquered the neighbouring Frankish tribes and established himself as sole king before his death.
Clovis converted to Catholicism, as opposed to the Arian Christianity that was common among Germanic peoples, because his wife, the Burgundian Clotilde, was a Catholic. He was baptized in the Cathedral of Reims. This act was very important in the following history of France and Western Europe in general, because he expanded his reign over almost all of the old Roman province of Gaul (roughly modern France). He is considered to be the founder both of France (which his state closely resembled geographically at his death) and the Merovingian dynasty, which ruled the Franks for the next two centuries.

Timbaland
Timothy Z. Mosley, also known as Timbaland, (born March 10, 1971) is a Grammy Award-winning American record producer, rapper and songwriter. He is from Norfolk, Virginia.

Psychedelic_rock
Psychedelic rock is a style of rock music. It was very popular in the 1960s when it started, and still has many fans today. It was first made in San Francisco, but it also was made in other cities such as New York City, and in other countries, especially England.
Psychedelic rock songs usually have lyrics describing the effects of drugs, if any words at all. Songs were sometimes very long (10-15 minutes), and much of this time might be taken up by a solo, like a drum solo or a guitar solo. Some major groups that made psychedelic rock included: The Beatles (especially in 1967), The Grateful Dead, The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Jefferson Airplane, Pink Floyd, Frank Zappa, and Hawkwind. Psychedelic rock was usually made for listening to when getting high with hashish or LSD, or both. During Grateful Dead concerts, some people actually sat inside the huge speakers that the Grateful Dead brought to their concerts.

Media_player
Media player is a word that describes computer software that can play more than one type of media (multimedia). Media players can usually play both audio (sound) and video files.
Microsoft Windows comes with a media player already on it, Windows Media Player. Some other media players are Quicktime, iTunes, Real Player and Winamp.

Quedlinburg
Quedlinburg is a City in the state of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. The city covers an area of
. 22,795 people live there (2005). The place is located just 8 kilometers north of the Harz mountains. The small river called Bode is flowing through the city. In 1994 the UNESCO set the old town Quedlinburg on the list of World Heritage Sites.
History.
In the year 922 the name Quedlinburg was first mentioned in a paper from King Henry I the Fowler of Germany. In the first half of the 10th century the Hungarians with their horses attaced many place all over central Europe. King Henry build up a castle to give the farmers around a place to flee. In 936 the king died and his body was buried on the castles hill in Quedlinburg. His widow Matilda and his son King Otto I set up an convent für ladies. The tasks of this convent was to remind the memory of King Henry I and to educate young ladies to get better chaces to get married. This convent on the hill existed until it was dissolved in 1803. First abbess of the ladies-convent was Matilda the daughter of King Otto I and grand-daughter of Queen Matilda.
In the valley north of that hill in 994 King Otto III founded the old town. He was ask to do so from his aunt abbess Matilda.
This old town was used by merchants to sell and buy textiles and so it grow up. In the middle of the 12th century a new town was created by the abbess of the ladies-convent.
In 1330 both towns were united. They got stronger in power and in 1477 they tryed to get totaly independent from the abbess. But military troops from the brothers of the abbess occupied both towns.
All the citizens got under control of the abess again.
In 1541 the Protestant Reformation reached the convent and the town and everybody changed his beliefs to Protestant religion.
Surprisingly during the Thirty Years' War the town was not destroyed, because the abbess made diplomatic arrangements with all the bypassing military leaders.
Geography and Climate.
The city is located 8 kilometers north of the Harz mountains around 123 meters above sea level. The surroundig mountains reach abaout 180 meters above sea level. Most of the town is on the western site of the rivers Bode bank. The town area covers around 78,15 square kilometers.
The average temperature of the year is 8,8 degree. January and February are the coldest months of the year, with an average temperature of 0,1 °C and 0,4 °C. July and August are the hottest months, with an average temperature of 17,8 °C (63 °F) and 17,2 °C. The average annual rainfall is about 438 millimetres. The rain occurrs usually from May to September. This rainfall is one of the lowest in Germany, which has an annual average around 800 millimetres.
Sister cities.
Quedlinburg has partnerships with 5 cities. Each of the 5 boroughs also has their sister cities, sometimes called twin towns.

Theo_Jörgensmann
Theo Jörgensmann (b. Bottrop, 29 September 1948 Germany) is a jazz clarinet player and composer.

Anchovy
The anchovies are a family (Engraulidae) of small but common schooling saltwater plankton-feeding fish. They are found in scattered areas throughout the world's oceans. Anchovies are concentrated in temperate waters, and are rare or absent in very cold or very warm seas.
Biology.
The anchovy is a small green fish with blue reflections. These reflections are due to a silver stripe that runs along the length of the fish from the base of the caudal fin. It is maximum nine inches in length and body shape is variable with more slender fish in northern populations. The snout is blunt with small, sharp teeth in both jaws. The mouth is larger than those of herrings and silversides, two fish which they closely resemble. It eats plankton and fish larvae.
The Anchovy can tolerate a wide range of temperatures and salinity. Large schools can be found in shallow, brackish areas with muddy bottoms, as in estuaries and bays.
Spawning occurs between October and March, but not in water colder than 12 °C. The anchovy appears to spawn 100 kilometers from the shore, near the surface of the water.
Habitat.
There are many Anchovies in the Mediterranean. They are regularly caught on the coasts of Sicily, Italy, France and Spain. The range of the species also extends along the Atlantic coast of Europe to the south of Norway.
As a food source.
The anchovy is a good food source for almost every predatory fish in its environment, including the California halibut, rock fish, yellowtail, sharks, chinook, and coho salmon. It is also extremely important to marine mammals and birds; for example, California brown pelicans and elegant terns. The breeding success of these birds is strongly connected to anchovy abundance. As time progresses and the anchovy population drops, the population of the predatory species are also expected to decline.
They are also eaten by humans. Anchovies preserved by being gutted and salted in brine, matured, then packed in oil, are an important food fish, both popular and infamous for their strong flavor. In Roman times, they were the base for the fermented fish sauce called "garum" that was a staple of cuisine and an item of long-distance commerce produced in industrial quantities. Today they are a key ingredient in Caesar salad and Spaghetti alla Puttanesca, and are often used as a pizza topping. Because of the strong flavour they are also an ingredient in several sauces, including Worcestershire sauce and many fish sauces, and in some versions of Café de Paris butter. They are most commonly marketed in small tins, either as "flat" filets, or as "rolled anchovies" where each fillet is rolled around a caper. Both are quite salty. The flat fillets are usually more salty than the rolled anchovies. They are also marketed in jars and tubes as a paste, mostly for use in making sauces, such as anchovy essence. Fishermen also use anchovies as bait for larger fish such as tuna and sea bass.
The strong taste that people associate with anchovies is due to the curing process. Fresh anchovies, known in Italy as "alici", have a much softer and gentler flavor. In English-speaking countries, "alici" are sometimes called "white anchovies", and are often served in a weak vinegar marinade.
This particular preservation method is associated with the coastal town of Collioure in south east France. The white fillets (a little like marinated herrings) are sold in heavy salt, or the more popular garlic or tomato oil and vinegar marinade packs.
The European anchovy, "Engraulis encrasicolus", is the anchovy of commerce. Morocco now leads the world in canned anchovies. The anchovy industry along the coast of Cantabria now dwarfs the traditional Catalan salters, though the industry was only started in Cantabria by Sicilian salters in the mid 19th century.
"Setipinna taty" or "ikan bilis" is the anchovy commonly used in South-East Asian cooking to make fish stock or sambals. Anchovy is also used to produce budu, by fermentation process.
Anchovies can concentrate domoic acid which causes amnesic shellfish poisoning.
Fishing.
Overfishing of anchovies has been a problem. Since the 1980s, large mechanized anchovy fishing vessels based in France have caught the fish in fine-mesh dragnets.
Spain beaching incident.
On September 29th, 2006, it was reported in the Associated Press that millions of anchovies with a weight of over three tons, had beached themselves in northern Spain, near Colunga, Asturias. Tests on the dead fish did not detect any toxic chemical that could have caused the beaching, and the current working theory is that the school beached itself trying to escape from "hungry dolphins or tuna." If the beached specimens had grown to maturity, it would have been more than "100 tons of potential breeders."

Hornet
A hornet is a type of large wasp. They can be found in places like Britain, Japan and Asia.

Dialga
Dialga is a fictional character in the Pokémon video game series. There are a total of 493 Pokémon. Dialga is a powerful Pokémon that can control time. In the Pokémon video games, Dialga can only be seen in Pokémon Diamond. A similar Pokémon called Palkia can control space. A powerful move that Dialga can use is called "Roar of Time" and is a Dragon-type move. The move has 5 PP (power points) that diminish after each time the move is used.

Euclidean_geometry
Euclidean geometry is a system in mathematics. People think Euclid was the first person who described it. Therefore it bears his name. He first described it in his textbook Elements. The book was the first systematic discussion of geometryat it was known at the time. In the book, Euclid first assumes a few axioms. These form the base for later work. They are intuitively clear. Starting from those axioms, other theorems can be proven.
In the 19th century other forms of geometry were found. These are non-Euclidean. Carl Friedrich Gauss, János Bolyai, and Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky were some people that developed such geometries.
The axioms.
Euclid makes the following assumptions. These are axioms, and need not be proved.
Status.
Euclidean geometry is a first-order theory. With it, statements like "For all triangles..." can be made, and be proven. Statements like "For all sets of triangles..." are outside the scope of the theory.

Fallen_Leaves
Fallen Leaves is a song by the Canadian music group, Billy Talent. It is the sixth track on the album "Billy Talent II" and is their third single to be released.

1492_Pictures
1492 Pictures is an American film production company founded by director Chris Columbus in 1995. The name is a play on Columbus's more famous namesake, Christopher Columbus.
In addition to various Columbus films, 1492 Pictures has produced movies by other directors including Brian Levant ("Jingle All the Way"), Henry Selick ("Monkeybone"), Alfonso Cuarón ("Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban"), Joe Roth ("Christmas with the Kranks"), Tim Story ("Fantastic Four"), and Shawn Levy ("Night at the Museum")

Rusty_Anderson
Rusty Anderson (b 1958 in La Habra, California) is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter from California. Currently he plays for Paul McCartney. He has played for many famous musicians, for example, Elton John, The Bangles, Courtney Love and Belinda Carlisle.

Thirty_Years'_War
The Thirty Years' War was fought from 1618 until 1648. Most of it was fought in Germany. Most of the powerful countries in Europe were in the war. It started as a fight about religion. The Protestants and Catholics were the two groups that disagreed. As the war continued, the Habsburg dynasty and other powers used the war to try to get more power. One of the examples of this is that Catholic France fought for the Protestants. This made the France-Habsburg rivalry worse.
The Thirty Years' War caused things like famine and disease. These things were very bad. The war lasted for 30 years, but the problems that caused the war weren't fixed for a long time after the war was over. The war ended with the Treaty of Westphalia.
Origins of the War.
There were several reasons that the Thirty Years War started.
First, The Peace of Augsburg (1555), which was signed quickly by Charles V, agreed with the 1526 Diet of Worms and stopped the fighting between the Lutherans and the Catholics in Germany.
The Peace made the violence end for a bit. But it did not fix the real reason that the Lutherans and Catholics were fighting. Both of them said it meant different things. The Lutherans said it was only an agreement that would last for a short time. Calvinism came quickly into Germany. Calvinism was a third Christian group in Germany, but it was not part of the Peace of Augsburg.
Second: a lot of the powerful countries in Europe in the 17th century often disagreed about matters of Politics or Economics. Spain wanted land in some of the German states because the Germans owned some of the Spanish Netherlands. The Dutch fought the Spanish. The Spanish had been controlling them. They gained freedom in some wars that ended in 1609.
Third: the Holy Roman Empire was a broken group of nations. The empire had nations like the Austrian House of Habsburg, Bavaria, Electoral Saxony, the Margravate of Brandenburg, the Palatinate, Hesse, the Archbishopric of Trier and Württemberg, and other small nations and towns. Only Austria was capable of operating on its own. Countries often made alliances with other places ruled by relatives.
Fourth, Religious groups were not agreeing during the second half of the 16th century. The Peace of Augsburg was not working because some bishops had not given up their bishoprics, and Catholic rulers in Spain and Eastern Europe wanted to make Catholicism strong in the region. This caused fighting between the groups. The Catholics made many Protestants leave their home lands.
Some places gave Protestants permission to worship. These disagreements caused violence.
Fifth, the Holy Roman Emperor Matthias died without any children to take his place in 1619. He was Catholic. His lands were given to his cousin Ferdinand of Styria. Ferdinand was Matthias's closest male relative. He became Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor. Ferdinand had been educated by the Jesuits, and was a Catholic. He wanted to make Catholicism the only religion again. This made him unpopular in Hussite Bohemia. They rejected Ferdinand and launched the Thirty Years' War. The War can be divided into four major phases: the Bohemian Revolt, the Danish intervention, the Swedish intervention, and the French intervention.
The Bohemian Revolt.
Emperor Matthias, who had no children, had died leaving the throne to Ferdinand II. Some of the Protestant leaders of Bohemia thought they would lose the religious rights granted to them by Emperor Rudolf II. They liked the Protestant Frederick V, elector of the Palatinate (successor to Frederick IV) better. Frederick V was the creator of the League of Evangelical Union). Other Protestants supported the opinion of the Catholics. So, in 1617, Ferdinand was elected by the Bohemian Estates to become the Crown Prince, and automatically upon the death of Matthias, the next King of Bohemia. The king-elect then sent two Catholic councillors (Wilhelm Grav Slavata and Jaroslav Borzita Graf Von Martinicz) as his representatives to Hradčany castle in Prague in May 1618. Ferdinand wanted them to run the government while he was gone. Suddenly, the Bohemian Hussites took them, put them on a mock trial, and threw them out of the palace window which was 20 feet off the ground (this is called defenestration). Remarkably, they survived and didn't get hurt. The Catholics said that angels appeared and carried them to safety, while the Protestants said that they landed in a pile of manure which saved their lives.

Cruiserweight
Cruiserweight is a division in boxing for fighters who weigh over 175 pounds and up to 200 pounds (91kg). The weight limit was once 190 pounds. The World Boxing Council created this weight division in the late 1970's because it felt that some fighters were too small to fight in the heavyweight division but too big to fight in the light heavyweight division. So they made a weight class in-between. Many cruiserweight champions and contenders may eventually fight in the heavyweight division.
Evander Holyfield was cruiserweight champion.

Sainsbury's
Sainsbury's is a supermarket chain based in the United Kingdom. Sainsbury's originally sold only food, but it now sells other things like mobile phones, DVDs and videos, clothing and books. Sainsbury's is the third biggest supermarket in the UK (behind Tesco and Asda). The clothing range at Sainsbury's has changed a lot over the years. It started off with, Jeff & Co, then another range was brought in, after that Adams Kids. Now it's called TU.
In 2008 150,000 people worked in Sainsbury's.

Chow_Yun-Fat
Chow Yun-Fat (born May 18, 1955 on Lamma Island, Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong actor.
His parents were farmers and poor. When he was seventeen year old, he left school to work. One year later, he saw a TV station advertisement about some actors, so he decided to apply and was asked to go for an audition.
Chow then started acting, but at first he could only act in some minor roles. From 1975 to 1995 Chow acted in 70 films. When he finished the film called "Peace Hotel", he left Hong Kong and went to Hollywood.
In Hollywood, the first film he acted in was "Replacement Killers". Then he acted in some films like "Anna & the King".

Tyrant
A tyrant (pronounce: TIE-rant) is a person who rules in a very cruel way. He usually rules a country, and he often got his position as powerful ruler by force, although some of them inherited their power.
The rule of a tyrant is called tyranny (pronounce “TI-ran-nee”). The adjective is tyrannical.
When someone has power over everybody else so that nobody is allowed to question it, this is called absolute power. A tyrant rules by oppression. The people are oppressed (cruelly treated). A tyrant takes no notice of the wishes of the people, or of any constitutions (laws about how laws should be made).
The word despot means someone who rules with absolute authority, usually cruelly. It has the same meaning as "tyrant".
A dictator also rules with absolute authority. They are not necessarily cruel tyrants, but they often are.
In the 10th and 9th centuries BC Ancient Greece was ruled by monarchs. By the 7th century B.C. they were ruled by groups of aristocrats. These aristocrats started to become unpopular. This gave cruel people the chance to get power for themselves, telling the people that they would be good rulers, but turning bad once they got power.
Around 650BC the tyrant Cypselus became powerful in Corinth and Orthagoras at Sicyon. There were other tyrants in the Asiatic countries that were ruled by Greece. Cypselus’s son Periander was also a cruel tyrant who ruled for 40 years. The tyranny in Corinth came to an end after he died.
Many tyrants of ancient Greece were supporters of the arts, but they always wanted art to show how wonderful they were, and no one could be critical of them.
There have always been tyrants in the world. Although there are far more democracies nowadays, there still are some countries which are governed by tyranny.

Opium
Opium is a narcotic resin produced from opium poppies "(Papaver somniferum)". It contains up to 16% morphine, an opiate alkaloid, which is most frequently processed chemically to produce heroin for the black market. The resin also has non-narcotic alkaloids in it. Some of these are papaverine and noscapine. Opium is also known as "afeem", and was called "God's Own Medicine" during its time of greatest popularity.
Opium has been used and produced for thousands of years. During this time, the source plant has been modified and adapted. The methods of processing the plant, and extracting thbstance and consuming it also have. The medicinal use of poppies for pain relief dates back to ancient times, but widespread use in patent medicines or as a recreational drug has occurred only in the last few centuries. Drug prohibition laws in most countries have been introduced only during the last century. Today the opium crop is worth in excess of $400 million legally and $7 billion illegally, after processing.

Rationalism
Rationalism is a branch of philosophy where the validity of an idea is determined by logic, rather than religious revelations, meditation, emotions or observations.
Rationalist philosophers believe that all knowledge can be understood through a process of reasoning, without any external sources. They do not believe that human beings can understand everything this way, but that it is theoretically possible. Rationalist philosophers attempt to understand ideas like God and the Soul in this manner.
Rationalism has been particularly popular in the 17th and 18th centuries, with philosophers like René Descartes, Baruch Spinoza, Gottfried Leibniz and Immanuel Kant.

Pie_chart
A pie chart is a type of chart with the shape of a pie or circle. It presents the relationship of different parts of the data. One would easily see the biggest or smallest share of the total data, by simply looking at the pie chart.
Warning against usage.
Pie charts should be used only when the sum of all categories is meaningful, for example if they represent proportions.
Pie charts are rare in scientific writing. They are more common in business and economics. One reason for this may be that it is more difficult to compare the size of items in a chart when area is used instead of length. Stevens' power law says that it is harder to see small differences using visual area than when using length. This means that length is a better scale to use, because differences can be found out easier.
This can be shown with the image to the right. The pie chart and the bar chart have the same data. Most people have difficulty putting the slices in the pie chart in order by size from biggest to smallest. When using the bar chart, it is much easier to tell the difference between bars that are very similar in size.

Logic_gate
A logic gate is an electronic component that can be used to conduct electricity based on a rule. The output of the gate is the result of applying this rule to one or more "sources". These sources may be two wires or the output of other logic gates. Logic gates are digital components. They normally work at only two levels of voltage, a positive level and a zero level. Commonly they work based on two states: "On" and "Off". In the On state, voltage is present. In the Off state, the voltage is at zero. The On state usually uses a voltage in the range of 3.5 to 5 volts. This range can be lower for some uses. Logic gates compare the state at their inputs (source) to decide what the state at their output should be. A logic gate is "on" or active when its rules are correctly met. At this time, electricity is flowing through the gate and the voltage at its output is at the level of its On state. Logic gates are electronic versions of Boolean logic.
AND Logic Gate.
With an AND gate, both inputs must be at an On state for the output to be On. Using the image at the right, if "A" and "B" are both in an On state, the output (out) will be an On state. If either "A" or "B" is in an Off state, the output will also be in an Off state. "A" and "B" must be On for the output to be On.
OR Logic Gate.
With an OR gate, if either input in On, the output will be On. Using the image at the right, if either "A" or "B" is On, the output ("out") will also be On. If both "A" and "B" are Off, the output will be Off.
NOT Logic Gate.
The NOT logic gate simply changes the signal from On to Off or from Off to On.

Lyrics
Lyrics are the words to a song. A person who writes lyrics is called a lyricist.
The lyrics of a song will usually have a meaning. Some times the meaning is easy to find but other times it can be very difficult to know what the lyrics mean. Some lyrics are so strange that it is nearly impossible to understand them. In such cases, people tend to look more at the form, articulation, meter, and symmetries of the lyrics instead of looking at their meaning.
There are many websites that have the lyrics to songs. This may be a bad thing since many web sites include copyright lyrics without permission from the copyright holder. The United States Music Publishers' Association (MPA), which represents sheet music companies, created a campaign against such sites in December 2005. MPA president Lauren Keiser said that the sites are "completely illegal" and that he wanted to see some site operators put in prison.
Etymology and usage.
"Lyric" is from the Greek; a lyric was originally a song sung with a lyre.
A lyric poem is one that expresses a subjective, personal point of view.
The word "lyric" was used for the "words of a popular song" about 1876 for the first time. The plural "lyrics" was used only in referring to the words of several songs. That it is used for the words of a single song as its "lyrics" became increasingly common (probably because of the association between "lyrics" and the plural form "words"), and is common in modern usage of today's society. Use of the singular form "lyric" is still grammatically acceptable.

Wieluń
Wieluń is a city in the central Poland. It has about 27.000 inhabitants. The city was founded in 1283.

4Kids
4Kids Entertainment (commonly known as 4Kids) is an American movie and television production company. They specializing in the creation and distribution of children's entertainment around the world. The company is most well-known for the large number of Anime and animated television series it has provided to television stations. These series currently include "Yu-Gi-Oh!" and "Sonic the Hedgehog". 4Kids Entertainment produced Pokemon until 2006. The company was first created in 1970 as "Leisure Concepts, Inc".
4Kids Entertainment has provided a number of series for the Fox television network. These series have been shown on the network using the name 4Kids TV.
Criticism.
4Kids Entertainment gets most of its Anime series from Japan. Before showing the series in the United States and United Kingdom, the series are edited. This editing includes changing the words from Japanese to English. It may also include changing other things which could be thought to be bad. For example, cigarette smoking is often removed before being shown in the United States. Changing the names of items from Japanese items to American items is also often done. This is done so the person watching can understand the show more easily.
Many times the story of an episode is changed completely to make it better for children. Some people believe all the changes to the Anime is a bad thing. They say that the series should be shown exactly the same as it was originally created. They feel 4Kids made "Americanized kiddy version" of the original series and that it is not right to do this.

Polyvinyl_chloride
Polyvinyl chloride, also called Polychloroethene or PVC, is a thermoplastic. It can be used for wiring insulation, tubes, panels, and such.PVC's are also used instead of rubber.

Ali_Meshkini
Ayatollah Ali Meshkini (born in 1922) has been the chairman of the Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran since 1984.

Antioch
Antioch on the Orontes was an ancient city on the eastern side (left bank) of the Orontes River on the site of the modern city of Antakya, Turkey.
It was founded near the end of the 4th century BC by Seleucus I Nicator, one of Alexander the Great's generals. Antioch became a rival of Alexandria as the chief city of the nearer East and the cradle of gentile Christianity. It was one of the four cities of the Syrian tetrapolis.
The geographical character of the district north and north-east of the elbow of Orontes makes it the perfect natural centre of Syria, so long as that country is held by a western power; and only Asiatic, and especially Arab, dynasties have neglected it for the oasis of Damascus.
History of Antioch.
Alexander the Great is said to have camped on the site of Antioch, and dedicated an altar to Zeus Bottiaeus
After Alexander's death in 323 BC, his generals divided up the territory he had conquered. Seleucus I Nicator won the territory of Syria, and he founded four "sister cities" in northwestern Syria - Antioch, Seleucia Pieria, Apamea and Laodicea-on-the-Sea. Although Seleucia Pieria was at first the Seleucid capital city in northwestern Syria, Antioch soon rose above it to become the Syrian capital.
The original city of Seleucus was laid out in imitation of the plan of Alexandria by the architect Xenarius.
The new city was populated by a mix of local settlers, Athenians brought from the nearby city of Antigonia, Macedonians, and Jews (who were given full status from the beginning). The total free population of Antioch at its foundation has been estimated at between 17,000 and 25,000, not including slaves and native settlers. During the late Hellenistic period and Early Roman period, Antioch population reached its peak of over 500,000 inhabitants (estimates vary from 400,000 to 600,000) and was the third largest city in the world after Rome and Alexandria. By the 4th century, Antioch's declining population was about 200,000 according to Chrysostom, a figure which again does not include slaves.
Antioch became the capital and court-city of the western Seleucid empire under Antiochus I, its counterpart in the east being Seleucia on the Tigris.
The Romans both felt and expressed boundless contempt for the hybrid Antiochenes; but their emperors favoured the city from the first, seeing in it a more suitable capital for the eastern part of the empire than Alexandria could ever be, because of the isolated position of Egypt. To a certain extent they tried to make it an eastern Rome.
The chief interest of Antioch under the empire lies in its relation to Christianity.
Evangelized perhaps by Peter, according to the tradition upon which the Antiochene patriarchate still rests its claim for primacy (cf. Acts xi.), and certainly by Barnabas and Paul, who here preached his first Christian sermon in a synagogue, its converts were the first to be called "Christians" (Acts 11:26).
In 638, during the reign of the Byzantine emperor Heraclius, Antioch was conquered by the Muslim Arabs during the Battle of Iron Bridge, and became known in Arabic as أنطاكيّة Antākiyyah.
In recent years, what remains of the Roman and late antique city have suffered severe damage as a result of construction related to the expansion of Antakya. In the 1960s, the last surviving Roman bridge was demolished to make way for a modern two-lane bridge. The northern edge of Antakya has been growing rapidly over recent years, and this construction has begun to expose large portions of the ancient city, which are frequently bulldozed and rarely protected by the local museum.

African_slave_trade
The African slave trade was a trade in slaves, and, like most of the world, has carried on for thousands of years in Africa. The first main route passed through the Sahara. After the Age of Exploration, African slaves became part of the Atlantic slave trade, from which comes the modern, Western type of slavery. Despite being against the law, slavery continues in all parts of the world, including Africa.

Soba
is a type of thin Japanese noodle. It is made from buckwheat flour. It is served either chilled with a dipping sauce, or in hot broth as a noodle soup. Moreover, it is not uncommon in Japan to refer to any thin noodle as "soba" in contrast to udon which are thick noodles made from wheat.
Because noodles made out of pure buckwheat can easily fall apart when boiled, the buckwheat flour is usually mixed with binders - often wheat flour. Under the Japan Agricultural Standards regulations, the noodles must contain at least 30% buckwheat in order to be called "soba" but noodles with a high buckwheat content are seen as more desirable. The raw noodles are made by making a dough out of buckwheat flour and binder. The dough is then spread out flat. After that, strands of noodles are sliced off with a special knife. The quality of noodles is highly dependent on the skill of the maker, especially for soba noodles with high buckwheat content. The raw noodles are boiled before being served hot or cold.
In Japan, soba noodles are served in a variety of situations. They are a popular inexpensive fast food at train stations throughout Japan, they are served by exclusive and expensive specialty restaurants, and they are also made at home. Markets sell dried noodles and "men-tsuyu", or instant noodle broth, to make home preparation easy.
Some establishments, especially cheaper and more casual ones, may serve both soba and udon (thick wheat noodles) as they are often served in a similar manner. However, soba is traditionally the noodle of choice for Tokyoites. This tradition originates from the Edo period. At that time, the population of Edo (Tokyo) was considerably wealthier than the rural poor, were more susceptible to beri beri because of their high consumption of white rice which is low in thiamine. They are thought to have made up for this by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba. Every neighbourhood had one or two soba establishments, many also serving sake, which functioned much like modern cafes where locals would drop by casually.
Serving soba.
Soba is almost always eaten with chopsticks, and in Japan, it is traditionally considered polite to slurp the noodles noisily. This is especially common with hot noodles, as drawing up the noodles quickly into the mouth acts to cool them down.
Common soba dishes.
Like many Japanese noodles, soba noodles are often served drained and chilled in the summer, and hot in the winter with a soy-based dashi broth. Extra toppings can be added onto both hot and cold soba. Toppings are chosen to reflect the seasons and to balance with other ingredients. Most toppings are added without much cooking, although some are deep-fried. Most of these dishes may also be prepared with udon. Soba has a diameter of 5mm.
Cold.
Chilled soba is often served on a sieve-like bamboo tray called a zaru, sometimes garnished with bits of dried "nori" seaweed, with a dipping sauce known as "soba tsuyu" on the side. The "tsuyu" is made of a strong mixture of dashi, sweetened soy sauce and mirin. Using chopsticks, the diner picks up a small amount of soba from the tray and swirls it in the cold "tsuyu" before eating it. Wasabi, scallions, and grated ginger are often mixed into the "tsuyu".
Hot.
Soba is also often served as a noodle soup in a bowl of hot "tsuyu". The hot "tsuyu" in this instance is thinner than that used as a dipping sauce for chilled soba. Popular garnishes are sliced scallion and shichimi toragashi (mixed chilli powder).
Soba served on special occasions.
Soba is traditionally eaten on New Years Eve in most areas of Japan, a tradition which survives to this day. In the Tokyo area, there is also a tradition of giving out soba to new neighbours after a house move, although this practice is now rare.
Varieties of soba noodles.
The most famous Japanese soba noodles come from Nagano. Soba from Nagano is called "Shinano Soba" or "Shinshu soba". Ni-hachi ("two-eight") soba, consists of two parts of wheat and eight of buckwheat.
Other uses of the word "soba".
"Soba" is also the Japanese word for buckwheat. Roasted buckwheat kernels may be made into a grain tea called "sobacha", which may be served hot or cold. Buckwheat hulls, or "sobakawa", are used to fill pillows.
"Soba" is occasionally used to refer to noodles in general. In Japan, ramen is sometimes called "chūka soba" or "shina soba" (both mean "Chinese noodles"). Parboiled chūka soba is stir-fried to make yakisoba. Note that these noodles do not contain buckwheat.
In Okinawa, "soba" usually refers to Okinawa soba, a completely different dish of noodles made out of flour, not buckwheat. Okinawa soba is also quite popular in the city of Campo Grande (Brazil), due to influence of Japanese (Okinawan) immigrants. It is eaten at street markets or in special restaurants called "sobarias".

Eight_Below
"Eight Below" is a 2006 Walt Disney Pictures movie. It was directed by Frank Marshall and written by David DiGilio. The movie was released on February 17, 2006 in the United States.

Buckwheat
Common Buckwheat (or buckwheat) is a plant. It is often seen as a cereal. Buckwheat is not a true grass. It is not related to wheat, because wheat "is" a true grass. Buckwheat seeds look like small beech tree seeds. Both seeds have three sides. "Beech" is also called "buck". This is how buckwheat got its name - buckwheat is a plant that is used like wheat and whose seeds look like "buck", or beech seeds.

Henrik_Malyan
Henrik Malyan (Armenian language:Հենրիկ Մալյան; September 30, 1925 in Telavi, Georgia – March 14, 1988 in Yerevan, Armenia) was an Armenian film director.
His 1977 film "Life Triumphs" ("Nahapet") is considered to be one of the most important Armenian films to deal with the Armenian Genocide. It was exhibited in the 1978 Cannes Film Festival.

John_Collins
John Collins (born January 31, 1968 in Galashiels, Scotland) is a Scottish footballer. He is currently the manager of Charleroi. Collins played for Celtic in the early 1990s.

Musica_ficta
Musica ficta is a term used in medieval and Renaissance music. It means that when musicians play or sing music they put in accidentals (sharps and flats) which are not written in the music.
In those days (near the end of the 16th century) music used modes instead of the modern system of major and minor keys. Sometimes the music would not sound right unless a note was sharpened or flattened (raised or lowered a semitone). For example, to go down from the note B to an F would have sounded bad, so the F would need to be an F sharp. The composer who wrote the music down might not bother to put the sign for F sharp. He would expect the performer to know that it should be an F sharp and not an F. This is what is called musica ficta.
Gradually it became more and more necessary for composers to write exactly what notes they wanted. The modern system of keys was developing. They developed the system of key signatures and accidentals (sharps and flats which are not in the key signature, but written as and when they are needed). The practice of musica ficta gradually ended.

Mercyful_Fate
Mercyful Fate is a heavy metal band from Denmark. The band was formed in Copenhagen in 1980.

Francesco_Botticini
Francesco di Giovanni Botticini (ca. 1446 — July 22, 1498) was an Italian painter. He lived in the early part of the Renaissance period. He was born in Florence about 1446 and is best known for his painting called "Assumption of the Virgin".
He died in 1497 or 1498. After he had been an assistant to the painter Neri di Bicci he started his own workshop. The shop was famous for its decorative works, a few of which can be seen in the cloistered church of Empoli. Botticini was influenced by Filippino Lippi and Botticelli who were two very famous Florentine painters.

Pump
A pump is a machine which moves a liquid or a gas from one place to another, often upwards.

Porthmadog_F.C.
Porthmadog Football Club is a football team, playing in the League of Wales. The club was started in 1884.

Ligament
In anatomy, the term ligament mostly means fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones. They are sometimes called "articular ligaments", "fibrous ligaments", or "true ligaments".
In this most common use, a "ligament" is a short band of tough fibrous connective tissue composed mainly of long, stringy collagen fibres. Ligaments connect bones to other bones to form a joint. (They do "not" connect muscles to bones; that is the function of tendons.) Some ligaments limit the mobility of articulations, or prevent certain movements altogether.
Ligaments are only slightly elastic; when under tension, they gradually lengthen. This is one reason why dislocated joints must be set as quickly as possible: if the ligaments lengthen too much, then the joint will be weakened. Athletes, gymnasts, dancers, and martial artists perform stretching exercises to lengthen their ligaments, making their joints more supple.
The consequence of a broken ligament can be instability of the joint. Not all broken ligaments need surgery, but if surgery is needed to stabilise the joint, the broken ligament can be joined.

All_Saints_Day
All Saints Day is celebrated by Catholic Christians on November 1. Other Christian faiths celebrate it as well. (May not be on the same day) It is a mandatory Catholic holiday.
The next day, November 2 is celebrated as All Souls Day, souls in Purgatory are especially remembered. Both days are considered important and they are integrated with each other.
All Saints is also a Christian formula invoking all the faithful saints and martyrs, known and unknown.
Customs.
In Portugal, Spain and Mexico, "ofrendas" (offerings) are made on this day. In Spain, the play "Don Juan Tenorio" is traditionally performed. In Spain, Portugal, Italy and France, people bring flowers to the graves of dead relatives. In Poland, Slovenia, Slovakia, Lithuania, Croatia, Austria and Germany, the tradition is to light candles and visit the graves of deceased relatives. In the Philippines, the day is spent visiting the graves of deceased relatives, where they offer prayers, lay flowers, and light candles, often in a picnic-like atmosphere. In English speaking countries, the festival is traditionally celebrated with the hymn "For All the Saints" by William Walsham How. The most familiar tune for this hymn is "Sine Nomine" by Ralph Vaughan Williams.
The festival was retained after the Reformation in the calendar of the Church of England and in many Lutheran churches.

Hexagon
A hexagon is a polygon with 6 sides and 6 corners (vertices). Like regular triangles and squares, hexagons fit together without gaps. They are therefore often used in tiling floors (which is known as tesselation). They are also quite common in nature. The honeycombs in beehives are hexagons, for example

Christian_denomination
The word denomination is used for a large group of Christian people right across the world who use the same name, the same sort of organisation and have the same (or very similar) beliefs. Christianity is divided into five main groups. These groups all branched out at different dates from the Early Christian Church founded by the followers of Jesus. The splits generally happened because they could not agree on cetain beliefs or practices. The groups then divided into smaller groups. Each group that has its own separate name is a "denomination". The word "denomination" means "having a name".
Denominations.
Each of these five has important subdivisions. There are also other (smaller) groups that are not mentioned here.
The Protestant branch of Christianity is much more divided up than any of the others. All the many divisions of Protestantism are not shown on the diagram. Each separate Protestant Church is called a "denomination". While the Roman Catholic Church looks to a single earthly leader, the Pope, and has similar beliefs rigth across the world, the Protestant denominations do not look to a single leader and sometimes have beliefs that are very different from each other.
Many Christian denomination see themselves as part of the worldwide Church which includes other denominations as well. Some denominations, such as the Roman Catholic and Orthodox Churches and some Protestant Churches, believe that they are the "only" true Christian church.
Some denominations have beliefs which almost all the other denominations would disagree with, very strongly. These beliefs are called "heresy" by the other churches.
There were some movements considered heresies by the early church which do not exist today and are not generally referred to as denominations. Examples include the Gnostics (who had believed in an esoteric dualism), the Ebionites (who venerated Christ's blood relatives), and the Arians. The greatest divisions in Christianity today, however, are between Eastern Orthodoxy, Roman Catholicism, and various denominations formed during and after the Protestant Reformation. There also exists in Protestantism and Orthodoxy various degrees of unity and division.
Comparisons between denominational churches must be approached with caution. For example, in some churches, congregations are part of a larger church organization, while in other groups, each congregation is an independent autonomous organization. This issue is further complicated by the existence of groups of congregations with a common heritage that are officially nondenominational and have no centralized authority or records, but which are identified as denominations by non-adherents. Study of such churches in denominational terms is therefore a more complex proposition.
Numerical comparisons are also problematic. Some groups count membership based on adult believers and baptized children of believers, while others only count adult baptized believers. Others may count membership based on those adult believers who have formally affiliated themselves with the congregation. In addition, there may be political motives of advocates or opponents of a particular group to inflate or deflate membership numbers through propaganda or outright deception.

Race_(biology)
In biology, a race is group of organisms. These will usually be all of the same species. They form a population, a group within that species. Sometimes this is called a subspecies. Each organism is able to breed with any other organism within the same species. For various reasons, like geographical separation, most organisms will breed with other organisms of the same population. This will mean that phenotypes (visible traits) that are common to most individuals of the population, will become more prominent.
Example.
The key lime is a shrub that grows to a size of about 5 metres in height. It has many thorns. It porduces a fruit that is yellow when it is ripe. This fruit is preferred by bartenders to mix cocktails. They prefer this lime, rather than the Persian lime.
The plant originally came from Southeast Asia, where it is native. It was spread to the Middle East. Cruisaders took it to Europe and North Africa. Spanish explorers took it to the West Indies. This included the Keys in Florida. In 1926, a hurricane destroyed most of the population of commercially-grown limes in region. The Persian lime was reintroduced, then.
Some of the original shrubs grew wild, amongst others, in the Florida Keys. It then became apparent that the originally introduced shrubs (now known as "Mexican lime") had modified their fruits. These were darker green than the original Persian limes, they also had a thicker skin.

Citric_acid
Citric acid is a weak organic acid. It can be found in citrus fruits. It acts like a preservative. It is also used to add a sour (acidic) taste to foods and soft drinks.
Carl Wilhelm Scheele was the first who could extract citric acid from lemons, in 1782. The substance was probably known to alchemists, perhaps with a different name. The Arabian alchemist Geber is said to have discovered citric acid in the 9th century.

Für_Elise
"Für Elise" (meaning "For Elise") is the popular title of the "Bagatelle in A minor", for piano by Ludwig van Beethoven. It is one of the most popular pieces of piano music in the world. Many young pianists want to learn to play it.
We do not know who Elise was. It might have been a lady called Therese whom Beethoven wanted to marry in 1810, but she did not want to marry him. The piece was not published until 1865, a long time after Beethoven’s death.
The piece is in rondo form. There is a main section which comes three times. Between these three sections there are two other sections, so the form of the piece can be described as
The main section has a time signature of 3/8. It is based on arpeggios which flow from one hand to the other. This is the section that many beginner pianists try to play. The two middle sections are harder to play at the correct speed. They have fast scales, arpeggios and left hand demisemiquavers (32nd notes).

Granule
Granule is a generic term used for a small particle or grain. The generic term is used in a lot of contexts.

Cradle_of_Filth
Cradle of Filth is a metal band from England. Their exact style of music has been argued for many years, some saying the band is black metal, others saying that they are gothic metal, extreme metal, or many other different styles. They have had many different members since the band was formed. The band was founded by Dani Filth in 1991, who is still leader of the band. They have had great success on TV and radio, are very well known.

Glycolysis
Glycolysis is the archetype of all metabolic processes known. Therefore one can find it in many types of cells in nearly all organisms.
The reason is that it is the foundation of both aerobic and anaerobic respiration.
Glycolysis, through anaerobic respiration, is the main energy source in many cells.
Alternative nomenclature.
Some of the metabolites in glycolysis have alternative names and nomenclature. In part, this is because some of them are common to other pathways, such as the Calvin cycle.

Emulator
Emulators are things that make one kind of computer behave like a different one, so that it can use the same programs or do the same things. They are best for using old software and games on newer computers. They can be hardware that you add to the computer, or software that you use on it.

Bellinzona
Bellinzona (in French "Bellinzone", in archaic German "Bellenz" and "Bilitio" in Latin) is the capital of the Swiss Canton of Ticino. With about 17.300 people living there, it is the second biggest city of the canton (after Lugano, with about 52.000 people).

Fog
Fog is a time of very thick mist. It may appear on land or sea. It usually lowers visibility. When fog forms at high levels it creates a cloud called stratus. When the air chills, moisture will turn to fog. Fog is made of tiny water droplets or on very cold conditions, ice crystals.

Folkvang
Folkvang, in Norse mythology, is the goddess Freyja's place. Its name means "Field of the Folk". The "folk" here refers to men sent to battle.

Salamandridae
The family Salamandridae is a family of amphibians. It consists of true salamanders and newts. The species are spread all over the northern hemisphere - Europe, Asia, the northern tip of Africa and North America. As of 2007, there were 74 known species, in 20 genera.

Barberry
Barberry is a type of shrub, usually with spines and yellow flowers and red or blackish berries.It is used for medicines.

Windows_Server_2003
Windows Server 2003 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft. Introduced on April 24, 2003 as the next version to Windows 2000 Server, it is considered by Microsoft to be the cornerstone of their Windows Server System line of business server products.
According to Microsoft, Windows Server 2003 is more scalable and delivers better performance than Windows 2000.

Owen_Hargreaves
Owen Lee Hargreaves is a Canadian-born English football player. He was born on the 20 January, 1981 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. He plays his club football for Machester United, but was previously at Bayern Munich.

César_Franck
César Franck (born Liège, 10 December, 1822; died Paris, November 8, 1890), was a French composer, organist and music teacher of Belgian and German origin who lived in France. He was one of the great musicians of his time. He was organist at the church of Sainte Clotilde in Paris for more than 30 years and he taught many talented young musicians. Most of the music for which he is famous was composed when he was already quite old.
Life.
Cesar Franck was born in Liege, a town which is now in Belgium. His father came from near the German-Belgian border and his mother was German. His father wanted him to be a concert pianist. He was sent to study at the conservatoire in Liege before going to the Paris Conservatoire in 1837. In 1842 his father made him come back to Liège so that he could practise for his career as a virtuoso pianist. He went back to Paris in 1844 and stayed there for the rest of his life. He told his father he did not want to be a concert pianist. This made his father very angry.
During his first years in Paris, Franck made his living by teaching and playing the organ. In 1848 he married. His parents came to the wedding although they were still angry with him for not wanting to be a pianist.
In 1858 he became organist at a new church called Saint Clotilde Basilica. He stayed there for the rest of his life. It was a very important job for him. He decided to improve his organ playing, in particular in the use of pedals and in improvisation. At that time changes were being made in France to the pipe organ. Aristide Cavaillé-Coll was a very famous organ builder. He built an organ for Saint Clotilde Basilica and Franck gave the first recital on the new instrument in December 1859. Franck became famous for the way he improvised on the organ after the services. However, for many years he hardly composed anything.
Franck was becoming known as a teacher of organ and composition. His group of pupils became known as the "bande à Franck" (the "Franck band"). They included Henri Duparc who introduced him to Alexis de Castillon. De Castillon helped Franck to become better known as a composer by playing his music. Franck became organ professor at the Paris Conservatoire. In order to have this job he had to take on French nationality. His pupils included Vincent d'Indy, Ernest Chausson, Louis Vierne, and Henri Duparc. His organ works, especially the "Grande Pièce Symphonique", were some of best French organ music to come from France in over a century. They helped to prepare for the French symphonic organ style which was to include many famous composers from the late 19th century onwards: people such as Charles-Marie Widor, Louis Vierne, and Marcel Dupré.
In 1872 he wrote an oratorio "Rédemption". It was not a success when it was first performed, but this was mainly due to the instrumental parts which had been badly copied, and by the famous conductor Eduard Colonne who conducted it very badly. The work became popular years later after Franck had died.
Franck was now starting to compose the works which made him really famous. He wrote a very large oratorio called "Les Béatitudes". He then wrote a "Piano Quintet" and the symphonic poems "Le chasseur maudit" and "Les Djinns". His piano music included "Prélude, choral et fugue" and the "Variations symphoniques". In 1885 he was awarded the cross of the Legion d’honneur. A year later he became president of the Societe Nationale de Musique He wrote a "Sonata for Violin and Piano" and a "Symphony".
In 1890, Franck was knocked down by a horse tram while crossing the road. He died shortly afterwards, although he still managed to compose his "Trois chorals" for organ just before he died.
His music.
Many of Franck's works use "cyclic form", a way of making a long work with several movements sound like one piece by making the main theme or themes come back in later movements. He wrote in a Romantic style which was partly influenced by the music of Wagner and Franz Liszt. Franck had big hands and when he wrote for the piano he often made the pianist play chords with very wide stretches.
He remains famous for just a small number of compositions written in his last years. One of his best known shorter pieces is the motet "Panis Angelicus", which was originally written for tenor solo, but is more often heard sung by a soprano or treble.

Carolina_Hurricanes
The Carolina Hurricanes are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL. They won the Stanley Cup during 2005-2006 season, by beating the Edmonton Oilers. They play in Raleigh, but they moved in 1997 from Hartford.

Fandom
Fandom (from the noun "fan" and the affix "-dom", as in "kingdom", "dukedom", etc.) or Fanbase is a name used for a group of people (called "fans") who are interested in something. A fandom can be about any interest or activity. Fandoms can be for example about hobbies, genres or fashions, book or movie series, or even individual celebrities.

Of_Montreal
Of Montreal is an American indie pop band formed in Athens, Georgia, fronted by Kevin Barnes. It was one of the second wave of groups to come from The Elephant 6 Recording Company.

Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein is one of the three capital cites of South Africa. It is the judicial capital of South Africa, as the Supreme Court is located there. In Afrikaans and Dutch, Bloemfontein means "Spring of Bloem (Bloom}". It is also known as the city of roses. There are a lot of flowers in Bloemfontein.
History.
Bloemfontein was founded by Major H. Douglas Warden in 1846. It was created as both a fort and a place to live. It became the center of government of the British-controlled Orange River Sovereignty (1848–54) and of the Orange Free State (later known as just Free State).
Bloemfontein became the judicial capital of South Africa in 1910. It is a place where the government works. It has a lot of hospitals and schools.
Geography.
Bloemfontein is located in central South Africa. It is dry in this part of South Africa. There are a few hills around Bloemfontein. Grass mostly grows around Bloemfontein. The summers are hot, and the winters are cool, but it snowed in August 2006.
Economy.
Much of the economy of the city is based on canned fruit, glass products, furniture, plastics, and railway engineering. The city saw a large economic growth in the mid-20th century because of the Free State goldfields located 160 km (100 mi) northeast of the city. The Orange River project also helped the city grow economically. It is a major source both of hydroelectricity and of water for irrigation and human uses.
Sports.
The most popular sports in Bloemfontein are football, rugby, and cricket. In 2010, Bloemfontein will host some FIFA World Cup matches, at Free State Stadium.

Bleach_(manga)
is an ongoing manga series authored by mangaka Tite Kubo. Since its debut in 2001, "Bleach" has been adapted into an anime series, two OVAs, three anime films, a rock musical, and numerous video games. Compilation volumes of the manga have sold over 39 million copies in Japan.
"Bleach" follows the lives of Ichigo Kurosaki, who is a high school student who can see ghosts. A "shinigami" (Soul Reaper or, literally, "death god") named Rukia Kuchiki, meets Ichigo while hunting an evil spirit known as a Hollow. Rukia is wounded during the fight with the spirit and cannot do anything except give her powers to Ichigo. That is how the adventures of Ichigo and Rukia begin. Together they search for Hollows and perform soul burials on souls, cleansing the spirits and sending them to Soul Society. The early parts of the story focus mostly on the characters and their pasts, instead actual job of the "shinigami". As events unfold, the story begins to go deeper into the world of the "shinigami" on the "other side" called Soul Society.
Media information.
The "Bleach" manga was first released in August of 2001 in Shueisha's "Weekly Shonen Jump" magazine. New Japanese-language chapters are featured weekly in the same magazine. The chapters are complied in seven-to-nine chapter "tankōbon" by Shueisha every few months.
The "Bleach" animated TV series is broadcast on Wednesdays by TV Tokyo in Japan. The first 63 episodes were based on the manga, and the next 46 were original to the anime. Beginning with episode 110, the anime has returned to the manga storyline, yet has parts from the previous 46 filler episodes. There are no plans to stop making the series. Also, two OVAs have been produced and two animated films, ', which was released in Japan on December 16, 2006, and Bleach: The Diamond Dust Rebellion, which was released on December 22, 2007.
VIZ Media has released 22 English-language volumes of the manga in North America, and many scanlation groups release unofficial English translations of new chapters.
Introduction.
Ichigo Kurosaki is a teenager who has always been able to see spirits. The story begins with the sudden appearance of an oddly-dressed stranger in Ichigo's bedroom. This stranger is the "shinigami" Rukia Kuchiki, who is surprised that he can see her. While they are talking a Hollow comes. After Rukia is badly wounded while fighting to protect Ichigo, she decides to transfer half of her powers to Ichigo, hoping to give him a chance to fight the hollow. By accident Ichigo absorbs all of Rukia's powers instead, and he defeats the Hollow easily.

Huelva
Huelva is a city in Andalusia, Spain and the capital of the province of Huelva. According to the Instituto Nacional de Estadística (INE), 145,763 live in Huelva. However, Huelva is the center of a metropolitan area that has 490,000 inhabitants.

Contract_killing
Contract killing is murder where a person or group is paid (usually money) to kill someone else. Someone who does this is known as a "hit man" (also "hitman"), or "assassin". Contract killing is illegal, and is punishable, sometimes by death. Contract killing is often used by the mafia.

Newry
Newry () is a city in Northern Ireland. It is the eighth largest city in Ireland. 27,430 people live in the city. A picture of a local bridge is on some British pound coins.

Archive
An archive is a collection of records. The term is also used for the location in which these records are kept. Archives are made up of records which have been created during the course of an individual or organization's life. In general, an archive consists of records which have been selected for permanent or long-term preservation. Records, which may be in any media, are normally unpublished, unlike books and other publications. Archives may also be generated by large organisations such as corporations and governments. Archives are different from libraries in that archives hold records which are unique. Archives can be described as holding information "by-products" of activities, while libraries hold specifically authored information "products". The word 'archives' is the correct terminology, whereas 'archive' as a noun or a verb is related to computer science.
A person who works in archives is called an archivist. The study and practice of organizing, preserving, and providing access to information and materials in archives is called archival science.

Conakry
Conakry or Konakry is the capital and largest city of Guinea. The city is a port on the Atlantic Ocean. The population of Conakry is about 2 million people.
History.
Conakry was first settled on Tombo Island. It later spread to the Kaloum Peninsula. The city was founded after Britain gave the island to France in 1887. It became the capital of French Guinea in about 1904.
Economy.
Conakry is Guinea's largest city and its administrative, communications, and economic center. The main part of the city's economy deals with the port. The port has up to date facilities for handling and storing cargo. It is used for transporting alumina and bananas. Items created in Conakry include food products and materials used for building houses.
Things to see.
Things to see in the city include the Guinea National Museum, several markets, the Guinea Palais du Peuple (the People's Palace), Conakry Grand Mosque and the nearby Iles de Los.
The city is noted for its botanical garden. The Polytechnical Institute of Conakry is also located in Conakry.

Cowley,_Wyoming
Cowley is a town in the American state of Wyoming. It is located in Big Horn County in northern Wyoming. The mayor of Cowley is Roland Simmons.
History.
The town of Cowley was settled by a group of Mormon followers in Wyoming's Big Horn Basin. The town was named for Matthias F. Cowley, one of the Apostles of the Mormon church at the time. The first group of Mormons got to the area May 2, 1900. When they got there, they started building the Sidon Canal to bring water to the town from the Shoshone River. The Canal was over 30 miles long. They finished building it in 1904.
By the end of 1900 there were about 18 log houses built in the area. The first school was opened in a log house in January 1901. There were about 24-30 students.
On September 26, 1910, the Big Horn Academy was opened in Cowley. It was the area's first High School. The first class to be graduated from the Big Horn Academy was the class of 1912. It had 13 students.
A new stone building was made for the Big Horn Academy in 1916. In 1925 the name was changed to the Cowley High School. The mascot of the school was the Jaguars. The Cowley High School remained in the Big Horn Academy building until 1983, when the last class was graduated from Cowley High School. There were only six students in the class of 1983. Because of the small number of students, the school in Cowley was closed. Beginning in 1984, the town's students began attending the consolidated Rocky Mountain High School in Byron, Wyoming.

The_Suite_Life_of_Zack_&_Cody
"The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" is a television series on Disney Channel.
The Suite Life of Zack and Cody: Lip Synchin' In the Rain'.
Will be released on DVD June 17, 2001.

Walgreens
Walgreens is a pharmacy chain throughout North America. It is mainly in the United States.

Mount_Edziza
Mount Edziza, located 38 km southeast of Telegraph Creek, British Columbia, Canada, is a potentially active volcanic complex in the Stikine Volcanic Belt. It is a shield volcano that began erupting about 10 million years ago with continued activity until about 1,340 years ago.
It is made up of a lot of cinder cones and blocky lava flows that still keep their first forms. This is the second biggest area of volcanic activity in the northern Stikine Volcanic Belt as well as in Canada. The complex includes the Mount Edziza Plateau, a big volcanic plateau (65 kilometers long and 20 kilometers wide) made of mostly basaltic lava flows with four big stratovolcanoes built on top of the plateau.
A lot of eruptions have happened in the last 10,000 years including: Desolation, Mess Lake, Snowshoe lava fields, Kana Cone, Eve Cone, Cinder Cliff, Icefall Cone, Ridge Cone, Williams Cone, and Walkout Creek. Many of the volcanic features in the volcanic complex are protected as part of Mount Edziza Provincal Park one of the bigger provincial parks in British Columbia.

Heteromyidae
The family of rodents that include kangaroo rats, kangaroo mice and rock pocket mice is the Heteromyidae family. Most heteromyids live in complex burrows in the deserts and grasslands of western North America. Some species within the "Heteromys" and "Liomys" genera are also found in forests and can be found down as far as northern South America. They feed mostly on seeds and other plant parts, which they carry in their cheek pouches to their burrows.
Although they are very different in physical appearance, the closest relatives of the heteromyids are pocket gophers in the Geomyidae family.

Banjul
Banjul (formerly Bathurst) is the capital city of The Gambia. The population of the city is only 34,828 people but the total urban area is many times larger with a population of 523,589 people. The city is located on St Mary's Island (or "Banjul Island") where the Gambia River enters the Atlantic Ocean. The island is connected to the rest of Gambia by ferries to the north and bridges to the south. Banjul is the main urban area of The Gambia. It is the country's economic and administrative center
Peanut processing is the main industry of the country. bee's wax, palm wood, palm oil, and animal skins are also transported from its port.
Things to see in the city include the Gambian National Museum, the Albert Market, Banjul State House, Banjul Court House, two cathedrals and several major mosques. The city is served by the Banjul International Airport.
History.
In 1816, the British founded Banjul as a trading post. Banjul was also used to help stop the slave trade. It was first named "Bathurst" after Henry Bathurst. The name was changed to Banjul in 1973.

Bear_(disambiguation)
Bears are a group of large mammals. They form the family "Ursidae", in the order "Carnivora".

Freestyle_football
Freestyle football is a one man sport in which you kick a football. You are not allowed to touch the ball with your hands. Freestyle football is a new sport, which has grown in popularity in recent years.
Freestyle football is about keeping the ball off the ground using the skill of juggling with your feet. Many people can do this well and also add in tricks. The most famous trick is known as 'around the world'. there are 5 or more variations of 'around the world'. Freestyle football can be performed anywhere.

Samarra
Sāmarrā (Arabic,سامراء) is a town in Iraq.
It is on the east bank of the Tigris in the Salah ad Din Governorate, 125 km north of Baghdad. In 2002, about 201,700 people lived there.
Medieval Islamic writers believed that the name “Samarra” is derived from the Arabic phrase, “Sarre men ra’a” "سر من رأى" which translates to “A joy for all who see”. It was changed later by Armenian soldiers to "Samarra" "ساء من رأى" which means "A sad for all who see".
Al-Askari mosque, an important Shi'a holy site, is located here.

Proto-Indo-European_language
The Proto-Indo-European language (PIE) is the hypothetical common language that was spoken before the Indo-European languages developed.
Discovery and reconstruction.
There are several competing hypotheses about when and where PIE was spoken.
The idea that there was such a language was supported by the fact, that in 1927 Jerzy Kuryłowicz discovered some of the phonemes, one supposed to be Proto-Indo-European in Anatolian.
Method.
There is no direct evidence of PIE, because it was never written. All PIE sounds and words are reconstructed from later Indo-European languages using the comparative method and the method of internal reconstruction. The asterisk is used to mark reconstructed PIE words, such as *' 'water', *' 'dog', or *' 'three (masculine)'. Many of the words in the modern Indo-European languages seem to have derived from such "protowords" via regular sound changes (e.g., Grimm's law).
Phonology.
Other long vowels may have appeared already in the proto-language by compensatory lengthening:.

Province_of_Carolina
The Province of Carolina was a British colony in North America from 1663 to 1729. It covered the present states of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and a part of Florida. An argument over how the it would be governed led to its becoming the Province of North Carolina and the Province of South Carolina. Officially, these two provinces did not become separate colonies until 1729.

Libreville
Libreville is the capital city of Gabon. It is the largest city in that country. The city has a population of 578,156 people. Libreville is a port on the Gabon River, near the Gulf of Guinea. It is a trade center for a timber region.
The Libreville International Airport, the headquarters for Air Gabon, is about north of the city.
History.
The Mpongwé tribe lived in the area long before the French took control of the land in 1839. The city was founded (as Gabon) in 1843 as a trading station. Freed slaves were sent there from the ship L'Elizia. In 1848 it was named Libreville (French for "Freetown"). It was the chief port of French Equatorial Africa from 1934 to 1946.
Libreville was named in after Freetown. It grew slowly as a trading post and a minor administrative centre. It had a population of 31,000 when it became independant in 1960. Since independence, the city has grown more quickly. Nearly half the of the people of Gabon live in the city.
Things to see.
Sights in Libreville include the National Museum of Arts and Traditions, the French cultural centre, St Marie’s Cathedral, the carved wood church of St Michael, Nkembo, the Arboretum de Sibang and two cultural villages. Gabon's school of administration and school of law are in Libreville. The Omar Bongo University is also in Libreville.
Industry.
The city is home to a shipbuilding industry, brewing industry and sawmills. The city exports raw materials such as wood, rubber and cocoa from the city's main port, and the deepwater port at Owendo.

Software_bug
A software bug is a problem with the code in a computer program which makes it not work properly. They can cause inconvenience to the user may make their computer crash or freeze.
Most bugs are caused by bad programming by the developer, but sometimes they can be caused by compiler problems. When bugs are found, people send bug reports to the developer to tell them about the bug and let them fix it.
Sometimes, people say that their computer has a bug when something is wrong with it. The problem usually caused by a computer virus which has infected their computer and is making it slow or do different things.

Basic_Roman_spelling_of_English
In compliance with these phonemic principles, Basic Roman explicates the vowel alternations in stressed syllables originating in the Great Vowel Shift of Early Modern English, offering a wider international perspective that transcends Chomsky’s defense of traditional English orthography. The Basic Roman system serves no particular standard of English pronunciation, but rather provides the means that could be used for the spelling of different varieties of English. The system uses 22 Roman letters to represent the set of English phonemes considered by J.C. Wells; the letters ‘j’, ‘q’, ‘w’ and ‘x’ are not used.
The Extended Basic Roman is close to one-to-one phoneme-grapheme correspondence, paving the way to a pronunciation respelling for English by means of the closely related Roman Phonetic Alphabet for English.

Thomas_More
Sir Thomas More or Saint Thomas More (February 7, 1478 – July 6, 1535), was an English writer, lawyer, and statesman. He held many important jobs including Speaker of the House of Commons, Lord Chancellor and advisor to the King Henry VIII. He also invented the world "utopia", which means: "an ideal place to live". This is described in a book called "Utopia". When King Henry left the Roman Catholic Church because the Pope would now allow him a divorce from his first wife, he started The Church of England. More, a devout Catholic, did not accept the King as head of the Church. Because of this, he was arrested and executed for treason. He was thought of as a martyr and made a saint by the Roman Catholic Church in 1935. His feast day is on June 22 and he is the patron of lawyers and politicans. A play and movie called A Man For All Seasons is based on his life.

Greenbrier_County,_West_Virginia
Greenbrier County is a county in West Virginia, a state in the United States. Its county seat (where the county government is) is in Lewisburg. Greenbrier County was founded in 1782. Its area is 2 653 km2. In 2000, 34 453 people lived in Greenbrier County.

Model_(person)
A model is a person who has the job of posing, or displaying works of art or fashion (clothes), usually for promotion of the product. They are often used for advertising in television and printed media, for example newspapers and magazines.
Types of models.
There are many different types of models. Some models only use certain parts of their bodies. For example, a "hand model" is a person who only uses their hands. A hand model would be used to display certain items, for example rings and watches. These types of model are usually only used for advertisements.
Fashion models are used to sell clothing or cosmetics. People who make clothing will often use fashion models to wear the clothing they make at fashion shows. The models will walk up and down a raised section of floor called the catwalk or "runway" to show the clothing to other people.
Fine art models are hired by photographers, painters and other artists to pose for their art.

List_of_football_clubs_in_Armenia
This is a list of Armenian football (soccer) clubs.

Pea
A pea, although treated as a vegetable in cooking, is botanically a fruit; the term is most commonly used to describe the small spherical seeds or the pods of the legume "Pisum sativum".
The name is also used to describe other edible seeds from the Fabaceae like the pigeon pea ("Cajanus cajan"), the cowpea ("Vigna unguiculata")and the seeds from several species of "Lathyrus".
"P. sativum" is an annual plant. It is a cool season crop, planted in winter. The average pea weighs between 0.1 and 0.36 grams. The species is as a fresh vegetable, but is also grown to produce dry peas like the split pea. These varieties are typically called field peas.
"P. sativum" has been cultivated for for thousands of years, the sites of cultivation have been described in southern Syria and southeastern Turkey, and some argue that the cultivation of peas with wheat and barley seems to be associated with the spread of Neolithic agriculture into Europe.
Description of "Pisum Sativum".
It is a cool-season vegetable crop. The seeds may be planted as soon as the soil temperature reaches 10 °C, with the plants growing best at temperatures of 13 °C to 18 °C. They do not thrive in the summer heat of warmer temperate and lowland tropical climates, but do grow well in cooler high altitude tropical areas. Peas grow best in slightly acid, well-drained soils.
Ways of eating peas.
Fresh peas are often eaten boiled and flavored with butter and/or spearmint as a side dish vegetable. Salt is also commonly added to peas when served. Fresh peas are also used in pot pies, salads and casseroles. Pod peas (particularly sweet cultivars called "mangetout" and "sugar peas", or the flatter "snow peas," called "hé lán dòu", 荷兰豆 in Chinese) are used in stir fried dishes, particularly those in American Chinese cuisine. Pea pods do not keep well once picked, and if not used quickly are best preserved by drying, canning or freezing within a few hours of harvest.
Dried peas are often made into a soup or simply eaten on their own. In Japan and other Southeast Asian countries including Thailand, Taiwan and Malaysia, the peas are roasted and salted, and eaten as snacks. In the UK, marrowfat peas are used to make pease pudding (or "pease porridge"), a traditional dish. In North America a similarly traditional dish is split pea soup.
In Chinese cuisine, pea sprouts (豆苗 "dòu miáo") are commonly used in stir-fries and its price is relatively high due to its agreeable taste.
Some forms of etiquette require that peas be only eaten with a fork and not pushed onto the fork with a knife.

Emperor_Itoku
Emperor Itoku was the fourth emperor of Japan. He is believed to have ruled Japan from 510 BC to 476 BC, but is thought to be legendary. He is traditionally believed to existed, but no studies show that he actually lived.
Names.
His posthumous name, a name given after his death, means "benign virtue".
His personal name was Oho Yamatohiko Sukitomo no Mikoto, but it would not be considered polite to call an emperor by this name.

Girl_Scout_cookie
Girl Scout cookies are cookies that the Girl Scouts sell. A lot of people enjoy eating Girl Scout Cookies because they are tasty. They come in many different flavors. Paying for Girl Scout Cookies also helps the Girl Scouts out because it gives them money as well as helps teach them important lessons in life.

NBC_News
NBC News is the news division of American television network NBC.

Karen_Carpenter
Karen Carpenter (March 2, 1950 – February 4, 1983) was an American singer and drummer who was most popular in the 70s. She is known as the singer of the group the Carpenters.
Childhood.
Karen Carpenter was born in New Haven, Connecticut on March 2, 1950. She played baseball a lot, and said that she likes being the pitcher. She has a brother, named Richard Carpenter. While Karen played baseball with her friends, Richard usually played the piano. Her parents, Agnes and Harold Carpenter, decided that they wanted to move to Downey, California, a city near Hollywood. They moved in 1963.
In Downey, Karen attended Downey High School. She was a good student, but didn't like gym. In order to get out of gym, she asked to be in the marching band instead. When she got into the marching band, the director gave her the glockenspiel, an instrument that sounds somewhat like a xylophone. Karen didn't like the glockenspiel and asked her band director if she could play the drums instead. Seeing Karen's natural talent for rhythm, the director approved. From then on, she practiced drumming on pots and pans before her parents finally bought her a drum set.
Pre-Career.
Her brother formed the Richard Carpenter Trio in 1965. Karen played the drums. Richard played the piano, and a friend named Wes Jacobs played the electric bass. They played jazz music at clubs in Hollywood. They entered the Battle of the Bands contest at the Hollywood Bowl in 1966. The Richard Carpenter Trio played "The Girl From Ipanema" and "Iced Tea," a song composed by Richard Carpenter. They won the Battle of the Bands that year. Afterwards, they signed with RCA Records, but the RCA thought their music wouldn't sell, so RCA let them go. The Richard Carpenter Trio made one last TV appearance on "Your All American College Show" in 1968, where they played "Dancing in the Street." Karen had a great drum solo. They won the "Your All American College Show" contest, too.
In 1967, Richard and Karen formed another group called Spectrum. Spectrum focused on making big harmonies, and the public didn't like their music. Both the Richard Carpenter Trio and Spectrum disbanded in 1968.
Career.
After five years of going nowhere, Richard and Karen Carpenter wanted to sign with a record label, but were constantly rejected. Joe Osborn, a bass player, had recording studio and let Richard and Karen record demo tapes. They sent in those demo tapes to a man named Herb Alpert. Herb Alpert appreciated Richard and Karen's music, and agreed to sign the two to his record label, A&M Records.
In April of 1969, Richard and Karen Carpenter signed to A&M Records as "Carpenters." They released their first album that year as well. It was called "Offering." It didn't have any popular songs on there, except for a song called "Ticket to Ride." When they released it as a single, the public's reaction was somewhat less than great. Too many people were accustomed to the Beatles' version.
The next year, Herb Alpert recommended a song called "(They Long to Be) Close to You." After being given the music, Richard Carpenter worked on on arranging it to invent their own sound. This song was their first major hit. It went to #1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Later that year, the Carpenters recorded another song, called "We've Only Just Begun." It was originally for a commercial for a bank called "Crocker Bank", but Richard saw potential in it. He again began working on the arrangement and the song was released. Ultimately, "We've Only Just Begun" released it as a single, went to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Throughout their career, Karen and Richard continued to be successful and release great singles. All of them placed in the top 20 until 1977. In 1977, both singles released only peaked at #32 and #35. Their last top 20 single was released in 1981, and it was called "Touch Me When We're Dancing."
Anorexia nervosa.
Anorexia nervosa is an eating disorder commonly known as "The Slimmer's Disease." It is a physological disorder that is characterized by fear of becoming fat, to the point of self-induced starvation. Victims of this disorder are typically perfectionists that have trouble showing their emotions. Karen Carpenter's eating disorder started in 1967, when the group "Spectrum" was still playing. Because she was moderately overweight, her doctor advised her to lose weight. Her doctor then a diet called the "Stillman Diet." She drank 8 cups of water everyday and avoided fatning foods. Karen lost about 25 pounds from the Stillman Diet. After she became successful, she decided that she neede to lose more weight. In 1975, she lost so much weight that she became ill. Eventually, she collapsed on stage and was sent to the hospital. At one time, she was only 70 pounds and 5'4" tall (five feet, four inches). A woman her height should be between 124 to 138 pounds. Becoming aware of her illness, she decided to gain weight. In 1982, she was the healthiest she'd been, but her heart failed. It's been proven that she had been abusing laxitives and thyroid pills. She may have also abused syrup of ipetac to induce vomiting, but that has not been proven. On February 4, 1983, Karen Carpenter died at the age of 32 from heart failure.
Records.
With the Carpenters, Karen Carpenter had a lot of records. Here is a list of them. The "italicized" words are the names of the records, and the things in the (parentheses) are the years that the records were released.

Ring_Lardner
Ringgold Wilmer Lardner (March 6 1885 – September 25 1933) was an American sports columnist and short story writer best known for his satirical takes on the sports world, marriage, and the theatre.

Mogadishu
Mogadishu (Somali: "Muqdisho") is the capital city of the African country of Somalia. It is also the largest city in that country. Mogadishu is in Benadir region on the Indian Ocean. The city has been an important port for the region for centuries. Estimates of thepopulation of the city are between 1.5 and 3 million people.
Mogadishu has had 16 years of fighting between militias. This is because the government of Somalia fell in 1991.
History.
Trade between the people in the Mogadishu area with other areas along the Indian coast of Africa started as early as the 1st century. Muslim traders from the Arabian Peninsula came to the area during the 10th century. Because of trade with them, Islam spread through Somalia. The Portuguese tried to take control of the city, but failed. In 1871 Barghash bin Said, the sultan of Zanzibar, controlled the city.
In 1892, Ali bin Said let Italy use the city. Italy bought the city in 1905. They made "Mogadiscio" (Italian for Mogadishu) the capital of Italian Somaliland. The Italians took control of the area around the city in 1936 after heavy resistance. British forces that were in Kenya during World War II captured Mogadishu on February 26, 1941. The British ruled until they gave Italy control of the city again in 1952. Somalia became independent in 1960 with Mogadishu as its capital.
Rebel forces entered and took the city in 1990. They forced President Mohamed Siad Barre to resign and leave the country in January 1991. He went to Lagos, Nigeria. Some of the rebels said that Ali Mahdi Muhammad was the new president. Others said that Mohamed Farrah Aidid was president. A group of United States Marines landed near Mogadishu on December 9, 1992. They were the first part of the United Nations peacekeeping forces during Operation Restore Hope to go to the country.
Economy.
Mogadishu is a commercial and financial center for Somalia. The economy got better after the Somali Civil War but there are still problems. Because there is no government, there is free trade without taxes or regulatory costs. This makes businesses not cost as much as it does in other places. Businesses have hired armed militias to have security. This is causing less violence in the city.
The main industries of the city include making food and beverages as well as textiles. The main textile is cotton. The main market many different types of goods from food to electronic items.
Mogadishu has the most port traffic of any port in Somalia. It is still a major seaport. However, there is much piracy around Somalia's coastal areas. This makes trade risky.

Rose_Tattoo
Rose Tattoo is a hard rock band from Sydney, Australia. The band was formed in 1976. The band is led by singer Angry Anderson. Among their best known songs are "We Can't Be Beaten", "Scarred for Life", "Rock 'n' Roll Outlaw" and "Bad Boy for Love". Their first 4 albums were produced by Harry Vanda and George Young who also worked with DC.
Other bands have played Rose Tattoo songs including Guns N' Roses ("Nice Boys"), L.A. Guns ("Rock'N'Roll Outlaw"), Nashville Pussy ("Rock'N'Roll Outlaw" and "Nice Boys"), Brass Tacks ("Nice Boys"), Public Toys ("Nice Boys"), Lower Class Brats ("We Can't Be Beaten") and Canadian punk rock band Youth Youth Youth ("We can't be beaten").

Decapod
The decapods or Decapoda are an order of crustaceans within the class Malacostraca. Many familiar groups, such as crayfish, crabs, lobsters, prawns and shrimp can be found in this order. Most decapods are scavengers - they eat dead plants and animals.
Anatomy.
As their name suggests, all decapods have ten legs. These are the last five of the eight pairs of thoracic legs characteristic of crustaceans. The front three pairs are used as jaws and are called maxillipeds. The others are pereiopods (walking legs). In many decapods, however, one pair of legs has large pinching claws; the claws are called "chelae", so those legs may be called "chelipeds". More legs are found on the abdomen. Each segment can carry a pair of two-branched pleopods (swimming legs). The last of them form part of the tail fan and are called uropods.
Classification.
Classification within the order Decapoda depends on the structure of the gills and legs, and the way in which the larvae develop. This allows to split them into two suborders: Dendrobranchiata and Pleocyemata. Prawns (including many species informally referred to as "shrimp", such as the Atlantic white shrimp) make up the Dendrobranchiata. The other groups, including true shrimp, are the Pleocyemata.
The following classification follows Martin and Davis, with some changes based on more recent structural and molecular studies.
Order Decapoda Latreille, 1802 (Selection, not everything is listed)

Broad_Green
Broad Green is a small area with a lot of houses at the centre of West Croydon in the London Borough of Croydon, England. The area is mostly filled with a triangular green space which includes shops and large houses. The green was built at the end of the 19th century. Most of West Croydon is in an electoral ward called "Broad Green", hence Broad Green library is some distance from the traditional Broad Green area. Parts of West Thornton and Selhurst wards are also in West Croydon.

Mode_(statistics)
In statistics, the Mode is a number. Very often, samples of data are collected. These might be measurements of some kind. In this context, the Mode is the value that occurs most often. Unlike the Median and the Mean, the mode is not necessarily unique. There might be several different values that occur the same number of times.

Puzzle
A puzzle is a problem to make the user think. They are often used for entertainment and can help logic skills. The user may need to recognise patterns to solve it, so those who have good logic are usually good with puzzles.
Puzzles, such as wordsearches, crosswords and Sudoku grids, are printed in newspapers and magazines, but puzzles can be with objects or even on a computer screen.

Star_of_David
The Star of David (Hebrew:מָגֵן דָּוִד, or Māġēn Dāwīd, pronounced in ancient Hebrew, and in Modern Hebrew) is a Jewish symbol. It is named after King David of Israel. It is very famous. The star consists of a triangle, overlapped by another, "upside-down" triangle. It is unknown how this came to be a symbol of Judaism, but it was first used in the Middle Ages. It is used on the flag of Israel, and was used by German National Socialists to identify Jews.

Eve_Ensler
Eve Ensler (born 25 May, 1953) is a Jewish-American playwright and feminist activist. She is best known for the play "The Vagina Monologues".
Ensler graduated from Middlebury College in 1975. She married Richard McDermott in 1978 and divorced in 1988. She is the adoptive mother of actor Dylan McDermott. She adopted him when he was 18 and she was 26.

Lea_Fastow
Lea Weingarten Fastow (born December 1961) is the wife of former Enron executive and felon Andrew Fastow, and is the second former Enron executive to go to prison after Enron collapsed due to fraud in December 2001.
Fastow was born in Houston, Texas, born to a Jewish family. Her family had grocery store chain and Weingarten Realty Investors WRI. She graduated from Tufts University, where she met her husband. She earned an MBA at Northwestern University. She was married in 1984. Together Andrew and Lea have two children.

Public_figure
A public figure is a legal term applied in the context of defamation actions (libel and slander) as well as invasion of privacy. A public figure (such as a politician, celebrity, or business leader) cannot base a lawsuit on incorrect harmful statements unless there is proof that the writer or publisher acted with malice (knowledge or reckless disregard for the truth). The burden of proof is higher in the case of a public figure.

The_Internationale
"The Internationale" (French:L'Internationale, pronounced, Russian:С Интернационалом [S Internatsionalom], Chinese:國際歌 [Pinyin:Guójìgē]) is a highly well known French socialist, communist, and anarchist song. It is also sung in Russian and Chinese. The Russian version, written by Аркадий Яковлевич Коц (Arkady Yakolevich Kots), was, before 1944, the national anthem of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. The French words, written by Eugene Pottier, were originally supposed to be sung to the tune of "La Marseillaise". The song is known by its tune, and it's refrain, "Cest la Lutte Finale, Groupons-nous, et demain, L'Inter nationale, Sera le genre humain". The Chinese lyrics were written by 瞿秋白, or Qu Qiubai.

Deir_el_Qamar_Synagogue
The Deir el Qamar Synagogue is a synagogue in Deir el Qamar, Lebanon; it is the oldest synagogue in Mount Lebanon. The synagogue was built in the 17th century to serve the local Jewish Lebanese population. Some of them were under the rule of Emir Fakhreddine II.

Nelly_Furtado
Nelly Furtado (born November 2, 1978) is a Canadian singer. She can also play many musical instruments. She learned to play the trombone and the ukulele at the age of nine. In later years, she learned to play the guitar and keyboard. She has released three albums. The first album was released in 2000 and was called "Whoa! Nelly". She become famous worldwide because the album was very popular. The first single released was "I'm Like a Bird" which earned her a Grammy Award. Her second album was "Folklore" released in 2003. It was not as popular as the previous album. Her third album in 2006 was "Loose" which spawned many hit songs including "Promiscuous", "Maneater", "Say It Right" and "All Good Things (Come to an End)". Furtado sings songs in English, Spanish and Portuguese.
On September 20, 2003, she gave birth to a daughter, Nevis.

Volta_(album)
"Volta" is a 2007 album by Björk. She has claimed the album is about "returning to her roots".

Food_and_Agriculture_Organization
The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) is a specialized agency of the United Nations that leads international efforts to defeat hunger.
It serves both developed and developing countries and acts as a neutral forum where all nations meet as equals. FAO is also a source of knowledge and information, and helps developing countries and countries in transition modernize and improve agriculture, forestry and fisheries practices, ensuring good nutrition and food security for all.

Limburg_(Belgium)
Limburg is a province of Belgium. It lies in Flanders. It is the eastermost Flemish province. It has common borders with the Netherlands, and the Belgian provinces of Liège, Flemish Brabant and Antwerp. Its capital is Hasselt. People officially speak Dutch there.
Limburg's name comes from the fortified castle town known as Limbourg, located on the river Vesdre in the Ardennes. This is now the Walloon province of Liège.
Limburg is crossed by the Albert Canal. It has historically been an important coal-mining area.

Adana
Adana (Greek Άδανα) (the ancient "Antioch in Cilicia" or "Antioch on the Sarus") is the capital of Adana Province in Turkey. According to the 2000 census, with 1,130,710 inhabitants, it is the fifth most populous city of Turkey (after İstanbul, Ankara, İzmir and Bursa). The 2006 estimate of Adana's population is 1,271,894.
For most Turkish people, the word 'Adana' associates with Kebab, şalgam, cotton, oranges and very hot weather, in the awareness that Adana also embodies more than just these.
In fact, Adana is also named among the 25 "European Regions of the Future" for 2006/2007 by Foreign Direct Investment Magazine. Chosen alongside Kocaeli for Turkey, Adana scored the most points for cost effectiveness against Kocaeli's points for infrastructure development, while Adana and Kocaeli tied on points for the categories of human resources and quality of life.

Monophyletic
Biologists have introduced a taxonomy. If there is a group, that is made of a common ancestor (or parent), and all its descendants (children), they call that group monophyletic (Greek: "of one race"). A group that contains organisms, but does not include their common ancestor, is called polyphyletic. If a goup contains the common ancestor, but leaves out some of its descendants, it is called paraphyletic.
For example, all organisms in the genus "Homo" are inferred to have come from the same ancestral form in the family Hominidae, and no other descendants are known. Thus the genus "Homo" is monophyletic. If, on the other hand, it were discovered that "Homo habilis" had developed from a different ancestor than "Homo sapiens", and this ancestor were not included in the genus, then the genus would be polyphyletic. Since biologists by and large tend to accept groups when they are monophyletic, in this case, they would likely either split the genus or broaden it to include the additional forms. Splitting the genus may split explanations of functional evolution to require convergence.
Some evolutionary taxonomists prefer to use the term holophyletic to describe this sort of group and instead use monophyletic in its older sense, where it refers to both holophyletic and paraphyletic groups.
Sometimes taxonomists are frustrated fitting plant species into a monophyletic group because of polyploidy. There is evidence that some polyploid plant species are of multiple origins (the species has arisen more than once). For example hybrid goat's-beard ("Tragopogon miscellus") has formed as many as 20 times in eastern Washington. Unity of explanation through functional evolution is challenged by the atomization required by strict monophyly.

Región_Autónoma_del_Atlántico_Norte
Región Autónoma del Atlántico Norte is an autonomous region of Nicaragua. It was created in 1989. Its capital is Puerto Cabezas. Often the name is shotened to RAAN.

Horror
Horror is another word for scary. Horror usually is used to describe genres. A genre is a category for a type of story or movie. Horror movies or stories usually hold alot of suspense.

Thermal_efficiency
The thermal efficiency (formula_1) is a dimensionless performance measure of a thermal device such as an internal combustion engine, a boiler, or a furnace, for example.
The input, formula_2, to the device is heat, or the heat-content of a fuel that is consumed. The desired output is mechanical work, formula_3, or heat, formula_4, or possibly both. Because the input heat normally has a real financial cost, a memorable, generic definition of thermal efficiency is
formula_5
From the first and second law of thermodynamics, the output can't exceed what is input, so
formula_6
When expressed as a percentage, the thermal efficiency must be between 0% and 100%. Due to inefficiencies such as friction, heat loss, and other factors, thermal efficiencies are typically much less than 100%. For example, a typical gasoline automobile engine operates at around 25% thermal efficiency, and a large coal-fueled electrical generating plant peaks at about 36%. In a combined cycle plant thermal efficiencies are approaching 60%.
Heat engines.
When transforming thermal energy into mechanical energy, the thermal efficiency of a heat engine is the percentage of energy that is transformed into work. Thermal efficiency is defined as
formula_7,
or via the first law of thermodynamics to substitute waste heat rejection for the work produced,
formula_8.
For example, when 1000 joules of thermal energy is transformed into 300 joules of mechanical energy (with the remaining 700 joules dissipated as waste heat), the thermal efficiency is 30%.
Energy conversion.
For an energy conversion device like a boiler or furnace, the thermal efficiency is
formula_9.
So, for a boiler that produces 210 kW (or 700,000 BTU/h) output for each 300 kW (or 1,000,000 BTU/h) heat-equivalent input, its thermal efficiency is 210/300 = 0.70, or 70%. This means that the 30% of the energy is lost to the environment.
An electric resistance heater has a thermal efficiency of at or very near 100%, so, for example, 1500W of heat are produced for 1500W of electrical input. When comparing heating units, such as a 100% efficient electric resistance heater to an 80% efficient natural gas-fueled furnace, an economic analysis is needed to determine the most cost-effective choice.
Heat pumps and Refrigerators.
Heat pumps, refrigerators, and air conditioners, for example, move heat, rather than convert it, so other measures are needed to describe their thermal performance. The common measures are the coefficient-of-performance (COP), energy-efficiency ratio (EER), and seasonal-energy-efficiency ratio (SEER).
formula_10
formula_11
formula_12
formula_13
formula_14
Energy efficiency.
The 'thermal efficiency' is sometimes called the energy efficiency. In the United States, in everyday usage the SEER is the more common measure of energy efficiency for cooling devices, as well as for heat pumps when in their heating mode. For energy-conversion heating devices their peak steady-state thermal efficiency is often stated, e.g., 'this furnace is 90% efficient', but a more detailed measure of seasonal energy effectiveness is the Annual Fuel Utilization Efficiency (AFUE).

Manny_Gamburyan
Manvel Gamburyan (was born in 1981) is a mixed martial artist with a history in judo. Manvel was chosen as a participant on the reality show "The Ultimate Fighter 5". He fights on Jens Pulver's team. Manny defeated Noah Thomas in the preliminary round.
Life.
In May, 1991, Manvel's family relocated from Armenia to United States. Shortly after his arrival, Manvel began training in judo at Gokor Chivichyan's Hayastan MMA Academy and quickly became one of the top judokas in the country, winning junior nationals less than two years later. He went on to win junior nationals eight times, the junior Olympics once, and was a member of the 2000 judo junior world team.

Vande_Mataram
The Vande Mataram is the national song of India. It is not to be confused with the national anthem of India. The lyrics were written by Bankimchandra Chattopadhyay, in a mix of Sanskrit and Bengali. The song was written in 1876, but published in 1882. The title means "Long live the Mother[land]". The first version of the Flag of India had "वन्दे मातरम्" (Vande Mataram) written on it.
Controversy.
Jana Gana Mana was chosen over "Vande Mataram"as the National Anthem of independent India in January 24, 1950, although before this date, "Vande Mataram" was trated as such. Vande Mataram was rejected because Muslims offended by calling India "Mother Durga" (a Hindu goddess) equating the nation with Hinduism, and by its origin as part of "Anandamatha", a book they felt had an anti-Muslim message.
Full version.
सप्त कोटि कण्ठ कलकल निनाद कराले
तुमि विद्या तुमि धर्म, तुमि ह्रदि तुमि मर्म
Translation.
Cool with thy winds of delight,
Green fields waving Mother of might,
Over thy branches and lordly streams,
Who hath said thou art weak in thy lands
When swords flash out in seventy million hands
Thy dreadful name from shore to shore?
With many strengths who art mighty and stored,
To thee I call Mother and Lord!
Thou who saves, arise and save!
To her I cry who ever her foe drove
Thou art wisdom, thou art law,
Thou art heart, our soul, our breath
Though art love divine, the awe
In our hearts that conquers death.
Thine the strength that nerves the arm,
Thine the beauty, thine the charm.
In our temples is but thine.
Thou art Durga, Lady and Queen,
With her hands that strike and her
In thy soul, with jewelled hair
Mother sweet, I bow to thee,
"translated by Sri Aurobindo"
Translation.
Cool with thy winds of delight,
Green fields waving Mother of might,
Full version.
তুমি বিদ্যা তুমি ধর্ম, তুমি হৃদি তুমি মর্ম

Zanzibar
Zanzibar is the name for an archipelago in the Indian Ocean 25–50 km off the coast of East Africa, of numerous small islands and two large ones: Unguja (the main island, sometimes informally referred to as 'Zanzibar'), and Pemba Island. The archipelago was once the separate state of Zanzibar, which united with Tanganyika to form Tanzania (derived from the two names), and still enjoys a high degree of autonomy within the union. The capital of Zanzibar, located on the island of Unguja, is Zanzibar City. The city's old quarter, known as Stone Town, is a World Heritage Site.
Zanzibar's main industries are spices (which include cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon and pepper), raffia, and tourism. Zanzibar is also the home of the endemic Zanzibar Red Colobus and the elusive Zanzibar Leopard.
The word "Zanzibar" probably derives from the Persian زنگبار, "Zangi-bar" ("coast of the blacks") and it is also known as Zanji-bar in Arabic. "Zanzibar" may also refer to the spice ginger (genus "Zingiber"). Zanzibar is sometimes referred to as the "Spice Islands," a term that is also associated with the Maluku Islands in Indonesia. Pemba Island is the only island apart from Zanzibar that still produces cloves on a major basis which is the primary source of spice income for the islands.
Zanzibar gained independence on 10th December 1963 from British, although official the independence date is not recognised, it was the first time this year a group of people organized the celebration which was condemned by the President of Zanzibar during the celebration of Zanzibar revolution.
Zanzibar was also the first country to introduced colour television in Africa as a gift for the first president of Zanzibar Karume Snr, but it is believed that it is the last in Africa in term of Good service, according to the website of Zanzibar State Television TVZ,most of its poor production said to be influenced by the ruling Party, and lack of experience staffs because of poor payment.
There are many political parties in Zanzibar but the main Parties are CCM the ruling party and CUF known as Chama cha wananchi, the party's name has far been associated as the Swahili translation of CIVIC UNITE FRONT and has been known by many although it has different meanings. Chama cha wananchi means Peoples Party in English and not Civic united front as many think.
These two main parties have been sat for 2 years reconciliation which broke after each party accused others for breaking the rule.
Zanzibaris are living in very tough life compare to mainland, one of the reason is because most of the House of Representative members are discussing politics rather then development, unlike mainland where there all members of parliaments care about the people who elected them and work hard to ensure they are re-elected, but in Zanzibar because of the division of the people in politics no one shows any motivation knowing that whether they work hard or not, they will be elected because Zanzibaris take politics as a football games competition.
What surprises many is that all candidates instead of initiative some thing which will either create jobs for the people or improve life, they always discuss about bringing water and electricity which are the must things to be done in life and not as a campaign.

San_Marino_City
San Marino is the capital of the tiny nation of San Marino. It is the third largest city in the country, after Dogana and Borgo Maggiore.

Kirk_Kerkorian
Kerkor "Kirk" Kerkorian (born June 6, 1917) is an Armenian-American
billionaire, and president/CEO of Tracinda Corporation, his private holding company based in Beverly Hills, California.
Kerkorian is known as one of the important figures in shaping the city of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Udon
Udon is a type of thick wheat-based noodle popular in Japanese cuisine.
Udon is most often served hot as noodle soup in a mildly flavored broth. Its simplest form is called "kake udon". This is made of dashi, soy sauce (shōyu), and mirin. Different things can be put on top of the soup. These are called "toppings". Most often, thinly cut scallions are used. Other common toppings are tempura and shrimp.
The flavor of broth and topping vary from region to region. Usually, dark brown broth, made from dark soy sauce ("koikuchi shōyu") is used in eastern Japan. Light brown broth, made from light soy sauce ("usukuchi shōyu") is used in western Japan. This is even noticeable in packaged instant noodles, which are often sold in two different versions for east and west.
Definition of Udon.
According to JAS (Japanese Agricultural Standard), a round noodle’s diameter is over 1.7mm and a flat noodles width is over 1.7mm.
Dough of Udon is made from weak flour, strong flour, and salt.
Consumption of Udon.
Japanese people eat 26 big bowls of Udon a year on the average.
But people in Sanuki in Kagawa prefecture eat 188 big bowls of Udon a year on the average. That is to say they eat two big bowls of Udon every three days.

Dachau
Dachau is a city in the south of Germany, about north-west of Munich. It has about 40,000 inhabitants. The town contains a historic town centre with an 18th century castle.
Dachau was founded in the 8th century. In 1933, a Concentration camp was built in Dachau. It was the first camp of the Nazis and became the prototype for all other camps. More than 30,000 prisoners died, or were killed.

Hıdırlık_Tower
Hıdırlık Tower is a landmark tower of tawny stone in Antalya, Turkey, where Kaleiçi meets Karaalioglu Park.
The tower is at the south side of the place, where the land walls of the city join the sea walls. The 14m high tower consists a circular tower rising on a quadratic pedestal. The tower's gate at the eastern side goes to a small room, from where a narrow staircase goes up. There are some restoration work on the upper part done in the Seljuk and Ottoman eras.
Around the Hırılık Tower is many cafés and restaurants also a view of the Gulf of Antalya.

Library_of_Congress
The Library of Congress is the "de facto" national library of the United States and the research arm of the United States Congress.
The head of the Library is the Librarian of Congress.

Armin_T._Wegner
Armin T. Wegner (October 16 1886 – May 17 1978) was a soldier in World War I, a writer and a co-creator of German Expressionism, a political activist for Armenian and Jewish human rights, and a victim of Nazi persecution.
He was a war reporter for several German newspapers at the same time. While staying in Turkey, he saw the genocide of Armenians with his own eyes.
After Hitler came to power, Wegner was against the fascists, and spoke against the treatment of Jews. After writing a letter to Hitler, he was arrested and tortured. Wegner survived and escaped and was based in England, and in Italy after the end of World War II.

Yamaha_Corporation
Yamaha is a Japanese company that makes different products, including musical instruments such as keyboards.
Yamaha was founded in 1887 by "Torakusu Yamaha". It was named Nippon Gakki Company, Limited and produced pianos and reed organs at that time. In October 1987, on the 100th anniversary, its name was changed to The Yamaha Corporation. Yamaha produces several musical instruments including keyboards, flutes, guitars and things in a band. Yamaha also produces motorbikes. Yamaha is a big corporation and has been discovered 120 years ago. When Yamaha started they sold not many things. as the years past they sold instruments and as more years past those instruments became more popular and better made.
In 1989, Yamaha shipped the world's first CD recorder.
There are other companies in Yamaha group which produce motorcycles, etc.

Adriatic_Sea
The Adriatic Sea is a body of water and is a part of the Mediterranean Sea. The sea separates the Italian Peninsula from the Balkan Peninsula. Countries that have a coastline in the Adriatic Sea are Italy, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Albania.
The average width of the sea is about 160 km. The Strait of Otranto joins the Adriatic Sea and the Ionian Sea and is only 85 to 100 km wide. The sea is very shallow. Its average depth is 240 m (133 fathoms). The sea is deepest east of Monte Gargano and south of Dubrovnik where it dips below 1,460 m (800 fathoms).

Beck_Hansen
Beck Hansen (better known as simply Beck) (born Bek David Campbell, July 8, 1970 in Los Angeles, California) is an American singer, musician, and multi-instrumentalist. He is known for folky rock music, unusual lyrics, and post-modern arrangements, which has made him one of the most outstanding in 1990s alternative rock.
He became extremely popular with his hit song "Loser", a 1994 hit that many described as a novelty hit. Beck is known for including various styles of music into his songs, including folk music, electronica, indie music, techno, rock music, and alternative music, among others.
He is a long-time member of the Church of Scientology. He married actress Marissa Ribisi in 2004. They currently have one child, Cosimo Henri Hansen. They are expecting their second child in 2007.

Armenian_SSR
The Armenian SSR (Armenian: Հայկական Սովետական
Սոցիալիստական Հանրապետություն, Haykakan Sovetakan Sotsialistakan Hanrapetutyun; Russian: Армянская Советская Социалистическая Республика) or Soviet Socialist Republic of Armenia came into being when the Communist Party of Armenia proclaimed control of Armenia on November 29, 1920. On December 1, 1920, Prime Minister Simon Vratsian ceded control of the country. It later changed its name to the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic.

Shushanik_Kurghinian
Shushanik Kurghinian (Popoljian) (1876-1927) was an Armenian poet. Kurghinian received little or no recognition for her outstanding poems. Although a socialist with some stirring poems of labour's rebellion to her name, she remained a dim star even in the Soviet era. Today she is almost unknown, away from the literary canon in Armenia and the Diaspora.
Background.
Shushanik Kurghinian was born on August 18, 1876, in Alexandrapol, in the Yerevan province of Eastern Armenia, into a poor family of Popolji Harout. In her autobiography Shushanik writes of her childhood: “Sometimes father would bring his [shoe-repair] ‘workstation’ home, in order to save money, and I would work for him – demanding my wages, every single kopek (Coin). My mother, having been raised in a traditional household, would reprove my ‘ill behavior toward my parent,’and blamed those harmful books for corrupting me.”
Works.
`Whoever is without hope, dulled, without spirit,
I will give them of my soul...'

Paulo_César_Fonseca_do_Nascimento
Paulo César Fonseca do Nascimento (also called Tinga) is a Brazilian soccer player (midfield) who is playing for Borussia Dortmund.He came in 2006 from gremio Porto Alegre, after he haf won the Copa Libertadores. Before that, he played for J. League side Kawasaki Frontale.

Swedish_Social_Democratic_Party
The Swedish Social Democratic Party is Swedens biggest political party. The party has been in the lead with a Prime minister for the longest and most amount of time in Sweden. Mona Sahlin is the current and so far only leader for the party who has been a women. The party lost to the Moderate party in the 2006 elections and will have a new chance to take over the power again in 2010.
Olof Palme one of Sweden's most famous politicians was the party leader for many years before hes murder in 1986.

James_Clark_Ross
Sir James Clark Ross (April 15, 1800 – April 3, 1862), was a English naval officer and explorer. He explored the Arctic with his uncle Sir John Ross and Sir William Parry. He later led his own journey to Antarctica.

Fribourg
Fribourg can mean one of two areas in Switzerland

Boredom
Boredom is an state of mind, shown by lack of interest in what is around you. You may feel boredom if you are not doing anything interesting.

Crystal_Kay
Crystal Kay Williams (born 26 February 1986 in Yokohama, Japan) is a J-Pop singer. She is also known as "Kuri" by her fans. She is well-known for her songs "Koi ni Ochitara" and "Boyfriend -part II-". She has released eight studio albums.

Ellegarden
Ellegarden is a Japanese band formed in 1998 by four young men.

Dreams_Come_True
Dreams Come True is a Japanese J-Pop music group.
The group is made up of a woman and a man. The vocalist is Miwa Yoshida and the bassist is Masato Namamura. They made debut in 1988. The group tends to use humorous and ambiguous language in their songs.

Thomas_Eastoe_Abbott
Thomas Eastoe Abbott (1786/7 – February 18, 1854) was an English poet, born in East Dereham, Norfolk. He lived in Darlington, where he worked at the Royal Free Grammar School. He wrote many books like "Peace, a Lyric Poem" (1814); "Resignation" (1817); "The Triumph of Christianity" (1819); and "The Soldier's Friend" (1828). Abbott died in Darlington in 1854.

Melodifestivalen
Melodifestivalen translated as (The Melody Festival) is an annual music competition organised by Sveriges Television (SVT) and Sveriges Radio (SR) to determine Sweden's representative song and performer at the Eurovision Song Contest.
History.
It has been staged under various formats almost every year since the first public competition in 1959. The competition is the most popular television programme in Sweden, a title it has held since 2000, at times eclipsing even Eurovision itself. In 2007, an estimated four million Swedes—almost 44% of the country's population—watched the final, while the semifinals averaged around 3.1 million viewers.
The winner is chosen by a number of regional juries and a national televote. Until 2001 the competition was normally limited to between eight and twelve songs, but since the introduction of semifinals in 2002 that number has risen to thirty-two.
The Melodifestival has produced four Eurovision-winning songs and fifteen placings in the top five for Sweden at the Contest. The event is often seen as being dominated by light orchestrated pop songs, known locally as schlager music—so much so that it is sometimes referred to as Schlagerfestivalen by the Swedish media but other styles of music such as rap, reggae and glam rock have made an appearance since the competition's expansion.
The competition makes a significant impact on music charts in Sweden; twenty-three participants reached the domestic singles chart in 2006 and twenty-one in 2007. There would have been more people taking part, but Agnes Carlsson was disqualified because she discussed her song in an interview with the Aftonblad newspaper.
The most recent Melodifestival, which took place in February and March 2007, was won by The Ark with "The Worrying Kind".

Charley_Uchea
Charley Kazim Uchea (born June 30, 1985) is an unemployed self-styled 'it girl' from, born in Southeast London, England. She was a contestant on "Big Brother" 8 in 2007. She is a former lap dancer from Stringfellow's Nightclub and cousin to Sunderland A.F.C. footballer Kieran Richardson.
Charley's entry was speculated on by the British tabloid press and she was negatively received by the live audience on the launch night. Whilst being in the house Charley claimed to have 'raved' with footballers such as Frank Lampard and John Terry, however, outside the house, the footballers have denied such rumours.
Kieran has boycotted Big Brother and his cousin saying that she is only using his fame to promote herself in the programme.
Charley Uchea was eventually voted out of the Big Brother house, having stayed much longer than many had predicted.
Charley was evicted on day 59 and has since been doing many interviews being a guest on the game show The Weakest Link.
Charley took Express Newspapers to court for publishing a story in the Daily Star newspaper about her suspected past being a hooker. The Daily Star published the story in June 19th, 2007. Charley is demanding £50,000 in damages from the publishers.

Pontic_Greeks
Pontic Greeks, Pontian Greeks, Pontians or Greeks of Pontus (Greek: Πόντιοι, Ποντιακός Ελληνισμός or Έλληνες του Πόντου, Turkish: Pontus Rumları) can refer to Greeks specifically from the area of Pontus in the region of the former Empire of Trebizond on the Black Sea coast of Eastern Turkey, or in other cases more generally all Greeks from the shores of the Black Sea or the Pontus. Greeks from Trabzon traditionally speak Pontic Greek. The terms Pontic and Pontian can be used interchangeably.

Bandana
A kerchief (from the French "couvre-chef", "cover the head") is a triangular or square piece of cloth tied around the head or around the neck for protective or decorative purposes. A "handkerchief" primarily refers to a napkin made of cloth, used to maintain personal hygiene. A bandanna or bandana (from Hindi: बन्धन "bandhana", "to tie") is a type of large, usually colorful, kerchief, usually worn on the head. Bandannas are frequently printed in a paisley pattern.
Certain colors of kerchiefs are associated with gangs making it potentially dangerous to wear different types of them in certain areas. For example, in Los Angeles, California, a red kerchief is associated with Bloods and a blue one is associated with Crips or Sureños. In certain cities such as Richmond, Virginia, non-violent bicycle clubs such as The Loners may wear black and white bandannas to show their association.
A bandana can also be used as a gag and has been used in western movies and in BDSM movies to prevent a person from speaking. The person being gagged is almost always tied up in some way and the bandana is tied so its in the persons mouth or around over the mouth.

Crystle_Stewart
Crystle Stewart is a beauty queen from Houston, Texas. She won the Miss USA pageant in 2008.

Solaris
Solaris is an operating system created by Sun Microsystems in the early 1990s to run on their workstations (but it can be used on most modern PCs) and is still developed today. It used to be called SunOS until it was renamed to Solaris in 1992.
It is mostly used in advanced servers like the ones that run the Internet, and for programming in languages like Java, having advanced features for programmers.

Battle_of_Damascus
The Battle of Damascus (18 June - 21 June 1941) was the final action of the Allied advance on Damascus in Syria during the Syria-Lebanon campaign in World War II.

Screamers_(2006_movie)
"Screamers" is a 2006 documentary by director Carla Garapedian.

Eolian_processes
Eolian (or aeolian or æolian) is an event that occurs in nature. It is related to the winds and it ability to modify the surface of the Earth and other planets.

Amanda_Bynes
Amanda Laura Bynes (born April 3, 1986) is an American actress, former program host on Nickelodeon and fashion designer. After appearing in several successful television series on Nickelodeon in the late 1990s and early 2000s, Bynes has moved into a movie career. She starring in several movies aimed at teenage audiences, including "She's the man" and the movie version of the musical "Hairspray". She was on the 2007 Forbes list as the 5th highest paid celebrities under 21 earning $2.5 million.
Bynes has been described by "The Boston Globe" as having an "Everygirl" appeal, embodying "both everything her teen fans dream of being and everything they know they really are, and they love her for it." In 2006, she was named one of "Teen People's" "25 Hottest Stars Under 25".

Rip_Slyme
Rip Slyme is a Japanese hip hop group formed in 1994. It has 5 members - 4 MCs and 1 DJ.

Wade-Giles
Wade-Giles (), sometimes abbreviated Wade, is a Romanization system for the Chinese language. It is based on the form of Mandarin used in Beijing. The system was produced by Thomas Wade in the mid-19th century. It was fully developed in Herbert Giles's 1892 Chinese-English dictionary.
Wade-Giles was the main system of transliteration in the English-speaking world for much of the 20th century. It is used in several standard reference books. It is also used in all books about China published before 1979. It replaced the Nanjing-based romanization systems that was common until the late 19th century. Wade-Giles has been replaced by the pinyin system today. It still remains in use in Taiwan (Republic of China).

White_Bears
White Bears or Spitak Archer were a group of fighters organized and equipped by Garo Kahkejian, a volunteer from United States a grandson of Genocide survivors, his units drew volunteers from everywhere taking on the most difficult missions.

Viceroyalty_of_New_Spain
The Viceroyalty of New Spain was the name of the viceroy-ruled territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia, North America and its peripheries from 1535 to 1821. New Spain was the name that the Spanish gave to the area that today is central and southern Mexico, and since the capital city of the Viceroyalty was in Mexico City, the name was also used for the viceroyalty.
The Viceroyalty of New Spain's territory included what is the Bay Islands "(until 1643)",
Cayman Islands "(until 1670)", Central America (as far as the southern border of Costa Rica until 1821), Cuba, Florida, Hispaniola (including Haiti until 1697), Jamaica "(until 1655)" Mariana Islands, Mexico, Philippines, Puerto Rico, nearly all of the southwest United States (including all or parts of the modern-day U.S. states of California, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Wyoming, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and Florida), and claims as far north as British Columbia and Alaska, but the northern boundary of New Spain was redefined by the Adams-Onís Treaty of 1819. Until 1739, New Spain also included Venezuela.
The territories were separated into provinces. Provinces were lead by a governor, who was responsible for the administration of the province and often also lead the province's army and militias. The provinces were grouped together under five high courts, called "Audiencias" in Spanish, located at Santo Domingo, Mexico City, Guatemala, Guadalajara and Manila. Both the high courts and the governors had autonomy from the viceroy and carried out most duties on their own. Only on important issues did the viceroy become involved in ruling the provinces directly.
In 1821, Spain lost continental territories when it recognized the independence of Mexico, as well as Santo Domingo when it was invaded by Haiti that same year. However, Cuba, Puerto Rico and Spanish East Indies (including Mariana Islands and the Philippines) remained a part of the Spanish crown until the Spanish–American War (1898).

Luigi_Galvani
Luigi Galvani (September 9, 1737 – December 4, 1798) was an Italian physician who lived and died in Bologna. In 1771, he found out that the muscles of dead frogs twitched when hit by a spark. He was a pioneer in modern obstetrics, and discovered that muscle and nerve cells produce electricity. He is well known as the inventor of chemical cells.

Maritime,_Fluvial_and_Harbor_Museum_of_Rouen
It is possible to see a 38 meter long barge which can be visited, trawler and barge motors and a whale skeleton.
The museum is located in a former hangar of the port, not far from the new bridge.

List_of_epidemics
This article is a list of major epidemics.
See also.
List of historical plagues

Tom_Selleck
Thomas William Selleck (born January 29, 1945 in Detroit, Michigan) is a Golden Globe and Emmy Award winning American actor, screenwriter and film producer, very famous for his role on the long-running television show "Magnum P.I." He has also acted in many movies and had a recurring role as "Dr. Richard Burke" on Friends, who was a love interest to the character of "Monica Geller" (Courteney Cox).

Jessica_Biel
Jessica Claire Biel (born March 3, 1982) is an American actress and former fashion model best known for appearing in several Hollywood films such as "Summer Catch", the remake of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "The Illusionist", as well as for her early television role of Mary Camden in the long-running family-drama series "7th Heaven". In recent years, her acting career has taken to new heights, and she has become a sex symbol, voted as number 1 in many different magazine polls.
She is currently in a relationship with singer Justin Timberlake.

Laboratory_equipment
Laboratory equipment are tools and equipment used by scientists who work in a laboratory. These can include tools like Bunsen burners, and microscopes as well as equipment such as operant conditioning chambers, spectrophotometers and calorimeters.
Laboratory equipment is generally used to either perform an experiment or to take measurements and gather data.

Lal_Masjid_siege
The Lal Masjid siege was a conflict centering around the Lal Masjid mosque and madrasah complex in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan, that was besieged from July 3 to July 11, 2007.

Spinal_cord
The spinal cord is a thin bundle of nerves that is an extension of the central nervous system from the brain and is enclosed in and protected by the bony vertebral column. The main function of the spinal cord is transmission of neural inputs between the periphery and the brain.
Spinal cord segments.
The human spinal cord is divided into 31 different segments, with motor nerve roots going out in the ventral aspects and sensory nerve roots entering in the dorsal aspects. The ventral and dorsal roots later join to form paired spinal nerves, one on each side of the spinal cord.
Because the vertebral column grows longer than the spinal cord, spinal cord segments become higher than the corresponding vertebra, especially in the lower spinal cord segments in adults.

Michelle_Williams_(singer)
Michelle Williams (born Tenitra Michelle Williams on July 23, 1980) is an American gospel and R&B singer, songwriter, and actress. She was a background singer for Monica, before rising to fame as one-third of the successful Grammy Award-winning musical group Destiny's Child, the world's best-selling female group of all time, selling over 100 million records worldwide. Williams is now playing the character Shug Avery in the play "The Color Purple"

Meänkieli
Meänkieli (also known as "Tornedalian Finnish", meaning "our language") is a Finno-Ugric language spoken in the River Torne valley in the north of Sweden, above the Arctic circle. It is an official minority language of Sweden. The language could be seen as a mix between Finnish and Swedish, since it has been very infuated by Swedish.
For many years, Swedish was the only language to be taught in the schools of the Torne valley. The population became bilingual. They spoke both Finnish and Swedish, but they were mostly only able to write in Swedish. Today many people in the younger generations are exclusively Swedish-speaking. Since 1999, Meänkieli is an official minority language of Sweden.
Since there are no Swedish statistics of the population's native languages, it is not known how many Meänkieli speakers there are. It is also a bit controversial, as many people consider the language being a dialect of Finnish.

Princess_Madeleine_of_Sweden
Princess Madeleine of Sweden, Duchess of Hälsingland and Gästrikland, (Madeleine Thérèse Amélie Joséphine), born on June 10, 1982, is the youngest child and second daughter of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden.

Somersault
A somersault is an acrobatic move where a person tucks in mid-air and moves the feet over the head. The somersault can be done forwards, backwards, or sideways and is similar to a "flip" (or, if performed backwards, a "backflip").
The word comes from the old French word "sombresault", which is no longer used.

Vahan_Kurkjian
Vahan M. Kurkjian (Aleppo, 1863 - New York City, 1961) was an Armenian author, historian, teacher, and community leader.

Guys_and_Dolls
"Guys and Dolls" is a musical. The music and lyrics were written by Frank Loesser, and the speaking parts were written by Jo Swerling and Abe Burrows. The story of "Guys and Dolls" is based on short stories written by Damon Runyon.
What happens.
Nathan Detroit, a gambler in 1950's New York City, needs a place to hold his illegal dice game where he will not be caught by the police. He finds a place, but the person who owns it wants one thousand dollars to rent it for the night. Nathan thinks he is out of luck, until he hears that the famous gambler Sky Masterson is in town. He bets Sky one thousand dollars that he cannot get Sarah Brown, a missionary, to go to Havana, Cuba with him. Because Sarah is very religious and moralistic, Nathan thinks she will never agree to go with him.
Nathan has another problem. He has been engaged to a woman named Adelaide for fourteen years, but they still are not married. Adelaide is so frustrated with him that she comes down with a cold. She tells him that if he does not marry her, she will leave him. Nathan promises to marry her, but then realizes that the night he said he would meet her is the same night as the dice game. He does not marry her, and Adelaide is extremely angry with him. She tells him she never wants to see him again.
Meanwhile, Sarah's mission is about to be closed down unless she can have it filled for a midnight prayer meeting later that week. Sky hears about this and makes a deal with her. If she goes to Havana with him, he will persuade the men he knows to go to the prayer meeting. Because Sarah is desperate, she accepts his offer. At first Sky is only taking her to Havana to win the bet, and Sarah is only going with him to save her mission, but while they are in Havana they fall in love. As Sky is saying goodbye to her, Nathan and the other gamblers run out of the mission, where they had been holding the dice game. Sarah thinks he only took her to Havana to get her away from the mission so Nathan could have the game there, and she is very angry with him.
Sky is still in love with Sarah, so he decides to keep his part of the deal. He makes a bet with all the gamblers. If he loses, he will give each of the gamblers a thousand dollars. If he wins, they will have to go to the prayer meeting. Sky wins the bet, and Sarah's mission is saved. Sarah realizes that he really does care about her.
Later, Sarah meets Adelaide. They talk about Nathan and Sky and realize that they are both in love. Sarah decides to marry Sky, and Adelaide decides to marry Nathan.

Beautiful_(Christina_Aguilera_song)
Beautiful is a song from Christina Aguilera's album "Stripped". It is about how people should not be ashamed to show pride in their differences. It was released late in 2002.

Royal_Proclamation_of_1763
The Royal Proclamation of 1763 was issued October 7, 1763, by King George III after Great Britain gained French territory in North America after the end of the French and Indian War/Seven Years' War. The purpose of the Proclamation was to organize Britain's large North American empire, and to make relations with Native Americans better and more stable by controlling trade, settlement, and land purchases on the western frontier. The Proclamation basically said that Americans could not settle or buy land west of the Appalachian Mountains. Colonists were angry because many already had land in that area. Also, the Proclamation gave Great Britain a monopoly in land bought from Native Americans.etr

Bruce_Abbott
Bruce Abbott (born 28 July 1954 in Portland, Oregon) is an American actor. He has appeared in movies such as "Re-Animator", "Bad Dreams", "The Prophecy II", "Out of Time", "Bride of Re-Animator" and the television series "Dark Justice".

Resin
Resin or Rosin "(Oxford dictionary)" is a hydrocarbon secretion of many plants, particularly coniferous trees, valued for its chemical constituents and uses such as varnishes, adhesives, as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis, or for incense and perfume. Fossilized resins are the source of amber. The term is also used for synthetic substances of similar properties.

Niqāb
Niqab is a piece of clothing. It is for muslim women. Women who wear niqab in public are called Niqabi. There are many Niqabis in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar,Yemen and Egypt.Niqab covers all the woman's body including the face. Some niqabs have one or two holes for the eyes.

Scooby-Doo
"Scooby-Doo" is an American long-running animated series that was made for Saturday morning cartoons in many different versions from 1969 to now. The first series, that was called "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!", was made for Hanna-Barbera Productions. Hanna-Barbera made many versions like it and other shows like it until everything was made in The WB Television Network, which has handled the production (making) of the show since then.
Though the show, people in it, and their ages have changed, the most familiar versions of the show have a talking dog named Scooby-Doo and four teenagers: Fred "Freddie" Jones, Daphne Blake, Velma Dinkley, and Norville "Shaggy" Rogers.

Parvin_E'tesami
Parvin E'tesami (March 17, 1907 - April 5, 1941) (Persian: پروین اعتصامی is an Iranian poetess. She was daughter of Yosuf E'tesami, Iranian poet and writer. She started poetry when she was 9. Alladin Pazargadi translated her works from Persian into English in 2000.

Wembley_Stadium_(1923)
Wembley Stadium was a sports arena located in London, England. It was built in 1923 and was first known as the Empire Stadium, but because the area it was in is named "Wembley," it was renamed "Wembley Stadium." It featured two Twin Towers by the entrance.
As well as being a sports arena, it had also been the site for several concerts; the most famous one is the Live Aid concert held there in July of 1985.
In 2000, Wembley Stadium was closed. In 2003, it was demolished, and a brand-new stadium with the same name was put up in its place.

Wembley_Stadium
Wembley Stadium is a football stadium in London, England. It was built from 2003 to 2007 in the same spot that the first Wembley Stadium was built. It holds 90,000 seats The new stadium features an arch that was designed not to cast a shadow over the stadium while games are played.
As well as sports, the new Wembley Stadium, like the first one, is also used for concerts. Metallica, Muse and George Michael have performed there. Also, the Concert for Diana was held there on July 1, 2007, and the London Live Earth concert was held there six days later, on July 7.

Sunscreen
Sunscreen (also known as sunblock, suntan lotion) is a lotion, spray or other topical product that helps protect the skin from the sun's ultraviolet (UV) radiation, and which reduces sunburn and other skin damage, with the goal lowering your risk of skin cancer. However in the United States, the term suntan lotion usually means the opposite of sunscreen, and instead refers to lotion designed to moisturize and maximize UV exposure and tanning rather than block it. These are commonly called indoor tanning lotions when designed for use with tanning beds or just suntan lotion if designed for outdoor use and may or may not have SPF protection in them.
The most effective sunscreens protect against both UVB (ultraviolet radiation with wavelength between 290 and 320 nanometres), which can cause sunburn, and UVA (between 320 and 400 nanometres), which damages the skin with more long-term effects, such as premature skin aging. Most sunscreens work by containing either an organic chemical compound that absorbs ultraviolet light (such as oxybenzone) or an opaque material that reflects light (such as titanium dioxide, zinc oxide), or a combination of both. Typically, absorptive materials are referred to as chemical blocks, whereas opaque materials are mineral or physical blocks.

Azores
The Azores are a group of nine islands located in the North Atlantic Ocean about 1,500 km (930 mi.) from Lisbon, Portugal.
The Azores are full of green land, and is surrounded by the ocean.The Azores belongs to Portugal.
The largest island is called Sao Miguel, (Saint Michael).

Lesser_Antilles
The Lesser Antilles (also known as the Caribbees) are a group of islands that is located between the eastern edge of the Carribean Sea and the western Atlantic Ocean, while some of the islands are also located just off the northern coast of South America.

Indigenous_peoples
The term indigenous people means people who where the first who lived in a certain region.
Other related terms for indigenous peoples include aborigines, native peoples, first peoples, first nations and autochthonous (this last term coming from Greek, meaning "sprung from the earth"). "Indigenous peoples" may often be used in preference to these or other terms, as a neutral replacement where these terms may have taken on negative or pejorative connotations by their prior association and use. It is the preferred term in use by the United Nations and its subsidiary organizations.

MySpace
MySpace is a social networking website where people can communicate using messages, video and photo uploads, blogs, social groups, and music. MySpace is the 7th most popular website in the world. MySpace is popular with young people. MySpace's head office is in New York City.
Controversy.
Some people think MySpace is a bad site, because it makes personal information very easy to find. Many parents do not like MySpace. They would like it shut down. MySpace says that they are a safe place for all people, and has rules to keep people safe.
People from NBC's Dateline have a "To Catch a Predator", series that talks about MySpace's safety problems. Although MySpace has many contradictions against them, they have not shut down.

Propolis
Propolis ' „for“ y ' „city“ is a wax-like resinous substance collected by honey bees from tree buds (e.g. poplar) or other plant-related sources and used as cement and to seal cracks or open spaces in the beehive.

Dwight_Schultz
William Dwight Schultz (born November 24, 1947 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American stage, television and film actor. He is famous for his roles as "Captain "Howling Mad" Murdock" on the hit 1980s action show "The A-Team", and "Reginald Barclay" in ', ' and the film '.
At the moment, he hosts a conservative talk radio podcast called "Howling Mad Radio."

Rotten_Tomatoes
Rotten Tomatoes is a website dedicated to reviews, information, and news of movies and video games. The name derives from the vaudeville-era cliché of throwing tomatoes and other products at stage performers if a performance was particularly bad.

Abu_Shakur_Balkhi
Abu Shakur Balkhi (born 915 in Balkh) (Persian: بوشکور بلخی) or Boshakor Balkhi is a Persian poet. He lived in the Samanid era in central Asian Persia and wrote the Afarin Nama in 944. He died in Balkh in modern Afghanistan.

Tropical_Storm_Bret_(2005)
Tropical Storm Bert was a weak storm that only lasted from June 28 to June 29. Bret hit the eastern coast of Mexico on June 29 before dying inland. Bret was also the second storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Bert formed close to land over the Bay of Campeche on June 28 before making landfall on Mexico a few hours later on June 29. Bert killed a total of two people.
Storm history.
Tropical Depression Two formed from a tropical wave over the Bay of Campeche on June 28, and quickly strengthened and became a tropical storm. Bret then began to move steadily closer to land during the next few hours before making landfall near Tuxpan, Veracruz in eastern Mexico early on June 29 with 40 mph (65 km/h) winds.
Bret quickly weakened as it continued inland, making heavy rain over the eastern coast of Mexico before dissipating over the mountains in central Mexico late on June 29.
Impact.
Damages in Mexico totaled up to $9 million (2005 USD).
Most of the damage came from floods and landslides caused by the heavy rain. Several towns were flooded very badly, including Naranjos and Chinampa (south of Tampico). This was mainly because of the overflowing of the Río Tancochin. A total of about 3,000 homes were damaged.
Two people were reported dead because of Bret. Two people inside a car were killed when the car was swept away by the floodwaters in Naranjos.

Wireless
The word wireless is normally used to refer to any type of electrical or electronic operation which is done without a "hard wired" connection. Wireless communication is the transfer of information over a distance without the use of wires. The distances involved may be short (when using a television remote control) or very long (thousands or even millions of kilometers for radio communications).
The term wireless technology is generally used for mobile information technology (IT) equipment. Examples include mobile phones, personal digital assistants (PDAs), Global Positioning System (GPS) units, garage door openers, wireless computer mice and keyboards, satellite television and cordless telephones.

Mu'izzi
Amir Abdollah Muhammad Mu'izzi (1048-1125) was an 11th century and 12th century poet. He was from Persia, and was the poet laureate of Sanjar. He was from the village of Nisa. He is considered one of the great masters of the Persian panegyric qasideh.
He lived in the courts of Malik Shah I and Sultan Sanjar. His "divan" of 18,000 distichs remain. Anvari says Mu'izzi copied the verses of other poets (this cannot be proven for certain). Anvari himself is known to have copied Mu'izzi's verses. Mu'izzi is said to have died by an arrow shot by the King's son in 1125 for unknown reasons. He was accidentally shot by Sanjar.

Federation
A federation is a union of a number of self-governing states or regions, which are all ordered by a central government.
United States of America is a federation. The federal (central) government has the highest executive role, but the states have their own special rules in some special cases.
Australia became a Federation in 1901.

Melinda_Doolittle
Melinda Marie Doolittle (born October 6, 1977) is an American singer, best known for being the third-place finalist on "American Idol".

The_Football_Association
The Football Association (The FA) is the organization that controls English football.

Colossus_of_Rhodes
The Colossus of Rhodes was a huge statue of the Greek god Helios. It was built on the Greek island of Rhodes (approximate coordinates 36°27'04"N, 28°13'40"E). It was built by Chares of Lindos, a student of Lysippos. It was built between 292 and 280 BC. It was one of the Seven Wonders of the World. Before being destroyed, the Colossus of Rhodes was 70 cubits tall, over 30 metres (100 feet), making it the tallest statue of the ancient world.

Aspirator
An aspirator is a device that makes vacuum, due to the Venturi effect. In the aspirator, fluid flows through it. The tube narrows, making the fluid flow faster, and reducing the pressure. Then, vacuum is taken from it. The aspirator is also known as an ejector or a filter pump.
The most common type of aspirator is the water aspirator. It is used in laboratories for chemistry and biology. The aspirator has a fitted tee, which is attached to a faucet. It has a hose barb on one side. The flow of water passes through the straight part of the tee, which restricts the water flow at the intersection with the hose barb. The vacuum hose should be connected to this barb.
The strength of the produced vacuum is limited by the vapour pressure of the flowing water. However, the strength of the vacuum is not limited if a gas is used as the working force.

Mark_David_Chapman
Mark David Chapman is an American, best known as the murderer of musician John Lennon.
Early life.
Chapman grew up in Georgia, and was a fan of The Beatles when they first became famous. He learned to play guitar and wanted to become a musician. He later became a Fundamentalist Christian, and his values changed. He came to believe the Beatles were a bad influence on people, John Lennon in particular, because of Lennon's views on God and religion. When Lennon released his song "Imagine" in 1971, many Fundamentalists did not like it. Chapman parodied the song, singing it as "Imagine John Lennon dead."
As years went by, Chapman had little success and much trouble in his personal life. His hopes to become a missionary were dashed when a civil war started in the country where he went on a mission. He returned to the United States, and later moved to Hawaii. He married a Japanese woman, as Lennon had done, but the marriage was not happy. Chapman worked a low-paying job, as a security guard.
Meeting (and murdering) Lennon.
In 1980, after years of retirement, Lennon made a new album, "Double Fantasy", with his wife Yoko Ono. Chapman learned from a book where Lennon lived in New York City, and that it was not hard to find him around town. Chapman flew to New York a few times that fall, thinking about what he wanted to do. He thought about committing suicide, before deciding finally he wanted to kill Lennon. He felt that doing this would somehow lessen the problems in his own life.
On December 8, 1980, Chapman again visited New York, actually meeting Lennon and Ono as they left home to go to a recording session. Lennon signed a copy of "Double Fantasy" for Chapman, and a photographer took a picture of the two men together. Chapman waited around until they returned. As Lennon entered their apartment building, Chapman drew a pistol, called out to Lennon, then shot him several times. Lennon collapsed, and died later on the way to a hospital from blood loss.
Aftermath.
Chapman did not try to get away, and was reading a book, "The Catcher in the Rye", when police came to the scene. They arrested Chapman, who later pled guilty to Lennon's murder, telling the court God had told him to do so. He was sentenced to twenty-five years to life in prison in 1981. He later wrote to Yoko Ono, trying to apologize to her and explain his actions, but she never answered. In 1985, an actor named Mark Lindsay Chapman lost the chance to portray Lennon in a television movie about his life with Ono, because his name was similar to that of Lennon's killer.
When Chapman became eligible for parole, he applied but was turned down. Yoko Ono gave a statement to the court, telling them that Lennon's death still hurt her and their son Sean Lennon every day, and they still felt his loss. She reminded them of how Chapman's act was only one among many celebrity stalkings and murders, and that paroling Chapman might give others the idea that what he did was acceptable. The court heard her words, and Chapman continues to be refused parole.
Lennon's murder was oddly echoed in December 1999 when a young man, Michael Abram, broke into the home of another former Beatle, George Harrison, carrying a knife. He wanted to kill Harrison for many of the same reasons Chapman had had, for killing John Lennon. Harrison and his wife Olivia fought back, however, with Olivia striking Abram with a lamp, and the pair holding him down until police arrived. Harrison was stabbed by Abram, but he recovered. Abram was sent to a mental hospital.
It is believed that Chapman will never leave prison in his lifetime, because of the impact of his crime. His name is sometimes used in arguments promoting gun control, but it is also argued that his plan was not to "shoot" Lennon, but to "kill" him; if he could not have used a gun, he would likely have tried another way. (Abram's later attack on Harrison supports this argument.) Instead of finding happiness through what he did, Chapman only found greater problems. Even years later, Chapman is hated around the world, by people who still love Lennon and his music.

Guwahati
Guwahati is the largest city in the north eastern region of India.
It houses the capital complex of the Legislative Assembly of Assam. The first bridge across the Brahmaputra river is situated at the northwest perimeter of the city. Guwahati serves as the gateway to the rest of the Seven States of Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura.

Tropical_Storm_Gamma_(2005)
Tropical Storm Gamma was the twenty-fourth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Gamma formed in the eastern Carribean Sea but quickly died a few days later from wind shear. On November 18, it restrengthened and became a tropical storm for a few more days before dying off the coast of Honduras on November 20. Although Gamma never made any landfall, it caused minor damages in the Lesser Antilles and medium damages in Honduras.
Storm history.
The National Hurricane Center began monitoring a tropical wave that would later become Gamma around November 11, but the system did not develop into a tropical depression until after it had passed the Lesser Antilles on November 13. At that time, the storm was called as Tropical Depression Twenty-Seven and was predicted to strengthen into a strong tropical storm or a weak hurricane as it moved across the Caribbean Sea. However, a second system developing in the southwestern edge of the Caribbean began pushing wind shear onto the depression on November 14, then weakening the depression into a tropical low; advisories were then temporarily stopped. On later reanalysis, it was found that the depression had probably become a tropical storm by November 15 at 0600 UTC for less than 6 hours, but wasn't named during the time.
As the remnants of Twenty-Seven moved west, the system in the southwestern Caribbean moved onto land in Nicaragua and quickly weakened, reducing wind shear on the remnant low. Near Honduras, the two systems combined and rapidly gained the characteristics of a tropical cyclone on November 18, when it was upgraded directly to a tropical storm and given the name "Gamma". It is clearly unknown whether the remnant low of Gamma absorbed the low pressure system or happened the other way, but forecasters at the National Hurricane Center though that it was more likely that Gamma absorbed the other system. (If it were determined to be the other way around, the previously mentioned Tropical Storm Twenty-Seven would have been a separate and unnamed tropical storm.)
Gamma strengthened a little bit more to reach its maximum strength of 50 mph (85 h) winds during that day, but a trough moving into the Gulf of Mexico stopped any more strengthening. Gamma stayed just north of the coast of Honduras for about a day, then weakened to a tropical depression as it was beginning to be absorbed into the front as it entered the Caribbean. On November 20, wind shear had destroyed Gamma and advisories were stopped, although the low level circulation of Gamma survived for an extra 36-48 hours. Later, the last remnants of Gamma were absorbed into the approaching front. Gamma never made landfall as a tropical storm.
Preparations.
Because the storm was not predicted to make landfall (and it did not), few preparations were taken in Honduras for the storm. But non-stop rainfall for more than a day as Gamma wandered offshore created floods that forced more than 23,000 people to leave their homes.
Death toll.
As of January 24 2006, a total of forty-one people were reported dead (while thirty-seven killed directly) as a result of Tropical Storm Gamma, mostly in Honduras, with 13 missing in Honduras.
Honduras.
Thirty-four people died in Honduras with at least thirteen other people missing. All deaths were because of flooding and mudslides rather than wind damage since tropical storm-force winds did not affect the mainland.
According to the COCEP (the Honduran civil emergency committee) dozens of bridges were washed away and about 2,000 homes were destroyed. According to the NHC, 10 bridges were destroyed from flooding, and 7 were damaged. And 5,200 acres worth of banana crops were also destroyed, causing $13-18 million (2005 USD) in damage. In addition, an unofficial report of 4.44 inches of rain was reported on Roatan Island.
Belize.
Five fishermen who were at sea during Tropical Storm Gamma have been reported missing and, as of November 25, were thought to be dead after five unidentified bodies were found on the Honduran coast. Three people were killed in a plane crash from Gamma's outer rain bands; it was thought that the weather was a part of the reason. Other effects to Belize were minimal.
Caribbean islands.
Two people were killed by a mudslide in St. Vincent and the Grenadines from Tropical Depression Twenty-Seven (which would eventually become Tropical Storm Gamma) when the system came close to the island. Seven homes were also destroyed by flood waters in the area and others were damaged.
Other effects across the rest of the Lesser Antilles were minimal and were no worse than that of a normal rain event. Also, two fishermen who were reported dead in Jamaica were thought to have been killed by Gamma.
Aftermath and retirement.
After Gamma slowly moved away from land, Honduran government officials carried out helicopter rescues for people and families trapped by flood waters, as UN agencies began airlifting food and water to the impacted areas.
The government of Andalucía, in Spain, donated 40 million lempiras to aid in disaster efforts, and the United States sent helicopters to help in the delivery of food to the people affected by the storm.
Because damage was minimal, Gamma was not retired and will be used again whenever the regular list of names is all used up in the future.
Naming and records.
After all of the twenty one assigned hurricane names for the 2005 season were used up after Hurricane Wilma, the Greek alphabet was used, starting with Tropical Storm Alpha. This storm was named "Gamma" once it was known to have reached tropical storm strength (after it restrengthened). This was the first time that the name Gamma had been used for a tropical cyclone.
Because Gamma was the only twenty-fourth tropical storm to form in any single Atlantic hurricane season, Gamma also holds the record for being the earliest twenty-fourth tropical storm, reaching tropical storm strength on November 18. Gamma also extended the 2005 season's record for tropical storms to twenty-four, which was also enlarged four more times and ended at twenty-eight storms after Tropical Storm Zeta and a post-season addition of an unnamed subtropical storm which went originally unnoticed in October. Also, Gamma tied the record set during the 1992 Pacific hurricane season for most storms in a single basin monitored by NOAA.

Tropical_Storm_Delta_(2005)
Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm which affected the Canary Islands and Morocco as a strong extratropical storm. It was also the twenty-sixth tropical or subtropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Delta formed out from an extratropical cyclone that slowly gained tropical characteristics. It was also a subtropical storm for a very short time before becoming "Tropical Storm Delta" on November 22. Delta then moved slowly and stubbornly to the Canary Islands. It became extratropical again on November 29, just before passing north of the islands.
Storm history.
On November 22, a non-tropical low pressure system in the central Atlantic Ocean began to gain some tropical characteristics. Late that afternoon the low became Subtropical Storm Delta, while located over 800 miles (1300 km) west-southwest of the Azores. Originally, the National Hurricane Center thought that the storm had already gained enough tropical characteristics to be classified as a regular tropical storm, but in post-storm analysis this was changed.
The storm's circulation became more organized and Delta became a tropical storm on November 24. It strengthened further to its maximum strength of 70 mph (110 km/h) winds later that day, just below hurricane strength. The official forecast at this time predicted that Delta would strengthen further and become a minimal hurricane, but this did not happen. Anyhow, Delta kept this strength for a few days as it moved slowly and zig-zaggedly in the central Atlantic. As wind shear increased over the storm, a Delta began weakening on November 25 and by the end of the next day Delta had weakened into a very weak tropical storm. Some of the computer models showed that the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west, which a few days later became Hurricane Epsilon. This did not happen, and Tropical Storm Delta began to move to the northeast.
As Delta sped up to the northeast heading to the Canary Islands, it strengthened again, reaching a second peak of just below hurricane strength on November 27. In post-storm analysis, the National Hurricane Center said that Delta had probably reached hurricane strength for a very short time during that day; but the data was not pursading enough to upgrade the storm to hurricane status. On November 28, as Delta moved closer to the Canary Islands, Tropical Storm Delta lost much of its tropical characteristics. The extratropical storm, which maintained winds of near-hurricane strength, came close to about 105 miles (165 km) while north of the islands that night. The storm later made landfall on Morocco early on November 29 and quickly weakened overland, dissipating later that day over northwestern Algeria.
Impact.
A lot of damages was reported in the Canary Islands from the effects of Delta, where it was described as a "historic" event, as hurricanes are very rare there. The islands of Tenerife and La Palma were hardest hit, with many uprooted trees and landslides reported there. The strongest gust recorded at La Palma was 152 km/h (95 mph), and at Tenerife the maximum gust was 147 km/h (90 mph). One hospital had to be evacuated and several airports were closed across the islands. In all, more than 225,000 customers lost electricity and many lost telephone service.
Also, a famous natural tourist attraction, El Dedo de Dios (or God's finger), a geological feature which had been pointing towards the sky for more than a millennium and an important landmark for the Canary Islands, was destroyed by Delta's winds and wave movement along Gran Canaria's shore. Gran Canaria it was the island that suffered more damages in its Patrimony, since besides the storm destroyed centenary windows and crosses, the cover of the Cueva Pintada in Galdar, and stopped prisoners and without light several villages of the center of the island. Delta claimed seven lives; six of them were immigrants that were on a boat which sank off the Canary Islands and 12 were reported missing. The seventh was a result of winds throwing a man off a house while it was being repaired during the storm.
The total damage caused by Tropical Storm Delta throughout the islands was estimated to be over €312 million ($364 million 2005 US dollars). Delta was also blamed for a 10-15% reduction of the islands tuna catch, as it kept the fishermen in port for several more days. Delta was described as a "normal atmospheric disturbance" in Morocco and no damage was reported there. In fact, it was welcomed as farmers needed the rain there to finish the sowing of cereal crops.
Naming and reords.
When Subtropical Storm Delta formed on November 22, it was the first and earliest time that twenty-six tropical or subtropical storms had formed in the Atlantic during one hurricane season; it also extended the 2005 season's record for the number of storms in a single season.

Puerto_Cabezas
Puerto Cabezas is a city in Nicaragua.

El_Niño
El Niño in meteorology is a temperature change that happens every few years over the Pacific Ocean.

Po_River
The Po (Latin: "Padus", ancient "Eridanus") is a river that flows 652 kilometers (405 miles) eastward across northern Italy, from Monviso (in the Cottian Alps) to the Adriatic Sea near Venice. It has a drainage area of 71,000 km² and is the longest river in Italy.
It goes through many important Italian towns, including Turin (Torino) and (indirectly) Milan (Milano), in Lombardy. It is connected to Milan through a net of channels called "navigli", which Leonardo da Vinci helped design. Near the end of its course, it creates a wide delta (with hundreds of small channels and five main ones, called "Po di Maestra", "Po della Pila", "Po delle Tolle", "Po di Gnocca" and "Po di Goro") at the southern part of which is Comacchio, an area famous for eels. The Po valley corresponds to the Roman Cisalpine Gaul, divided in Cispadane Gaul (South of the Po) and Transpadane Gaul (North of the Po).
The vast valley around the Po is called "Pianura Padana" and is so efficiently connected by the river that the whole valley became the main industrial area of the country. This river is subject to the authority of a special authority, the "Magistrato delle Acque".
Roman poets sometimes referred to the Po river as Eridanus, which also has other meanings.
The main products of the farms around the river are cereals.
In 2005, water from the Po was found to contain "staggering" amounts of benzoylecgonine, which is excreted by cocaine users in urine. Based on these figures, cocaine consumption was estimated to be about 4 kg daily, or 27 doses per day per thousand young adults in areas that feed into the river--a number nearly three times higher than previous estimates.
Dry up.
On May 4th, 2007 The river has dried up in spots completely. Italy declared a state of emergency in the northern and central regions. The dry up is due to the Alps having reduced snowfall this winter. Italy had the warmest winter in 200 Years. This is possibly related to Global Warming. There is some discussion about filling the river up by diverting water flows from large lakes and reservoirs in the Alps.
References.
Saltini Antonio, "Dove l'uomo separò la terra dalle acque. Storia delle bonifiche in Emilia Romagna", Diabasis, Reggio Emilia 2004

Niacin
Niacin is a vitamin. It is also known by the name nicotinic acid. It is Vitamin B3. It can be dissolved in water. It plays a very important role in the metabolism of living cells.
Other functions of niacin include removing toxic chemicals from the body, and helping with the production of steroid hormones made by the adrenal gland. These hormones include as sex hormones and stress-related ones.
History.
Niacin was first discovered from the oxidation of nicotine to form nicotinic acid. When the properties of nicotinic acid were discovered, it was thought prudent to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine, in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contain nicotine. The resulting name 'niacin' was made from nicotinic acid + vitamin.
Niacin is also referred to as Vitamin B3 because it was the third of the B vitamins to be discovered. It has historically been referred to as "vitamin PP". That name was derived from the term "pellagra-preventing factor", because the disease pellagra is due to a deficiency of niacin in the diet.
How much Niacin is needed.
The recommended daily allowance of niacin is 2-12 mg a day for children, 14 mg a day for women, 16 mg a day for men, and 18 mg a day for pregnant or breast-feeding women.
Severe deficiency of niacin in the diet causes the disease pellagra. A mild deficiency will slow down the metabolism, causing decreased tolerance to cold.
Dietary niacin deficiency tends to occur only in areas where people eat corn (maize), the only grain low in niacin, as a staple food, "and" that don't use lime during meal/flour production. Alkali lime releases the tryptophan from the corn in a process called nixtamalization so that it can be absorbed in the intestine, and converted to niacin.

Kawaramachi_Eki
Kawaramachi Station (河原町駅, Kawaramachi eki?) is the terminal station of the Hankyu Kyoto Line of Hankyu Railway in Kyoto, Japan. The Kawaramachi and Shijo streets cross over the underground station. Keihan Shijo Station is beyond the Kamo River.
The area around the station is one of commercial centers of Kyoto. The real estate around the station is the most valuable in Kyoto.
The station is attached underground to department stores such as Takashimaya, which has a food market on its basement floor. The station also connects underground to Karasuma Station.
The station opened on June 17, 1963. Before the opening of Kawaramachi Station and Karasuma Station, the Hankyu Kyoto Line ended at Ōmiya Station.
v • d •  Stations of the Hankyu Kyoto Line
Umeda –
Jūsō –
Minamikata –
Sōzenji –
Awaji –
Kami-Shinjō –
Aikawa –
Shōjaku –
Minami-Ibaraki –
Ibaraki-shi –
Sōjiji –
Tonda –
Takatsuki-shi –
Kammaki –
Minase –
Ōyamazaki –
Nagaoka-Tenjin –
Nishi-Mukō –
Higashi-Mukō –
Rakusaiguchi –
Katsura –
Nishi-Kyōgoku –
Saiin –
Ōmiya -
Karasuma -
Kawaramachi

Web_directory
A Web directory is a website. It is like a directory, or a phone book. It lists other websites, that are put into different categories.

Westminster
Westminster is a part of London, in the United Kingdom. It is on the River Thames. The Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey are in Westminster.

Nadezhda_Mandelstam
Nadezhda Yakovlevna Mandelstam was born Nadezhda Yakovlevna Hazin in Saratov on 31 October, 1899 and died on 29 December, 1980) was a Russian writer and the wife of poet Osip Mandelstam.
She grew up in Kiev, after she studied art.
She married Osip Mandelstam in 1921, and lived in Ukraine, Saint Petersburg, Moscow, and Georgia. Osip wrote a poem about the Russian leader, called "Stalin Epigram". It angered the Russian government, and in 1934 he was arrested, and ordered to live in Cherdyn, Perm region and later to Voronezh. The government of Russia often used internal exile (sending people to live in small towns hundreds of miles from the big cities) instead of sending people to prison. Nadezhda went into exile with Osip.
Osip Mandelstam was released but arrested again in 1938. Before the government could decide where to send him he died in a camp near Vladivostok.
After this Nadezhda Mandelstam never lived in the same place for long, and she often changed jobs. She did this to hide from the NKVD (Russian Secret Police). When she was living in Kalinin the police came to arrest her her, but she had moved to a new house the day before.
She decided to spend her life collecting and publishing all of her husband's poems, and most of the poems she "learned by heart" (memorised).
After Stalin died Nadezhda Mandelstam published he book and was allowed to return to Moscow in 1958.
In 1979 she gave her archives (letters, books and photographs) to Princeton University in the United States of America. Nadezhda Mandelstam died in 1980 in Moscow, aged 81.

City-state
In history a city-state was a city which was also a small independent country. In modern times there are few city-states which are countries, and the name is often used to mean a city which is also a state in a federal country.
Monaco.
Monaco-Ville and Monte Carlo are districts in Monaco, not separate towns or cities. The city boundary is the same as the country's boundary.
Singapore.
Singapore was independent before becoming part of the federal kingdom of Malaysia. It is now independent again
Vatican City.
The smallest country in the world was created in 1929. It is completely surrounded by the city of Rome, Italy, and is the headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church.
Germany.
Germany has 16 Bundesländer and three of them are city-states; they are Berlin, Hamburg and Bremen. They do not have a Minister President (prime minister) like the other Bundesländer. Instead their head of government is called a Mayor in English.
Austria.
Vienna is a federal state.
Spain.
Spain has two small territories in north Africa. Spanish law calls them "autonomous communities". They are
United Kingdom.
The British colony of Gibraltar is a city state
Pakistan.
The former Arab (Omani) colony of Gwadar City is a city state

Colorado_State_University
Colorado State University is a public land grant university located in Fort Collins, Colorado in the United States. Colorado State University is the main university of Colorado State University System. About 25,000 students go to the school each year. The university has about 1,400 faculty in eight colleges and 55 academic departments.

Flag_of_convenience
Flag of convenience is a word from shipping. Every ship needs to be registered in a port. The laws of the port are valid for the ship's crew. In some countries the rules are not as strict as in others, or they are cheaper to use. Many owners of ships from other countries register their ships in one of those easy or cheap countries. The ship might never even come anywhere near that country, but it must fly the flag of the country where it was registered. This is then called a flag of convenience. The two most popular flags are Panama and Liberia.

Archivist
An archivist is a professional who collects, organizes, preserves, maintains control over, and provides access to information determined to have long-term value. The information maintained by an archivist can be any form of media (photographs, video or sound recordings, letters, documents, electronic records, etc.).
"Archivists keep records that have enduring value as reliable memories of the past, and they help people find and understand the information they need in those records."
Determining what records have enduring value is not always easy. Archivists must also select records valuable enough to justify the costs of storage and preservation, plus the labor intensive expenses of arrangement, description, and reference service. The theory and scholarly work underpinning archives practices is called archival science.

Clarksville
One of the places known as Clarksville is in New Zealand

Stockport
Stockport is a large town in Greater Manchester, North West England. Seven miles (10 km) south east of the city of Manchester, it is the largest settlement of the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport in Greater Manchester, and has a population of 136,083 (2001 Census), with the borough as a whole having 281,000. This makes the borough 23rd most populated district in England.
The River Mersey begins in Stockport, at the meeting point of the Rivers Goyt and Tame.
Geography and administration.
The town lies in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport which is in Greater Manchester.
Twin Cities.
Paisley is not officially twinned with Stockport but the entry is probably a mark of friendship.

Erin_Sanders
Erin Zariah Sanders (born January 19, 1991 in Santa Monica, California) is an American actress. She is most well known for the Nickelodeon television series Zoey 101.

Webkinz
Webkinz are stuffed animals. They were first sold by the Ganz company in 2005. The toys are similar to other small plush toys. Each toy comes with a special code that lets the person who owns it use the "Webkinz World" website. On the website, users can "adopt" an online version of the pet to play with.
The toys have been advertised in a way that is similar to Ty Beanie Babies. After some time, certain types of the toy are "retired" or no longer sold. This makes the toys more valuable after they are retired and people can sell them for more money. Webkinz have been very popular. Ganz says more than 2 million toys have been sold to retailers. They also say there are 1 million users of the Webkinz website. More than $1 million (USD) in toys were sold in the United States in 2006.
When a person buys a toy at a store, they get a code that allows them to use the website for one year. After that time, they must buy another Webkin toy to get a new code to be allowed to keep using the site. Online, users can play with their pets in many ways. For example they can feed them, exercise them, or play games. They can also play games to earn "Kinzcash", the money that is used on the site to buy things for their pets.

Local_Government_Act_1985
The Local Government Act 1985 was an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom. Its main effect was to abolish the county councils of the metropolitan counties that had been set up in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972, along with the Greater London Council that had been established in 1965.
The main provision, section 1 stated that "the Greater London Council; and the metropolitan county councils" shall not exist anymore.
It came into effect on April 1, 1986. The metropolitan boroughs and London boroughs, got some of the powers of the former institutions, but others wrnt to central government. At the time of the Act, one third of the population of England were living in Greater London and the metropolitan counties.
The act established a system of joint-boards to take over some of the functions of the abolished councils in the metropolitan counties and in Greater London. The joint-boards had councillors appointed by the boroughs.
The Act was passed by Margaret Thatcher's government after a series of disputes between the councils and the central government.

Monterey_Pop_Festival
The Monterey International Pop Music Festival took place from June 16 to June 18, 1967. Over 200,000 people went, and it is often seen as the beginning of the "rock era", displacing the earlier term "rock and roll". The festival was a cultural watershed. Many of the performers (like Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin) became major celebrities through their appearances, while older acts (like The Beach Boys, who were scheduled to appear but cancelled) were suddenly seen as obsolete.

Denomination_(currency)
When dealing with money, denomination is the value of the individual currency.
For example a one dollar bill, a 100 dollar bill, a penny and a quarter are all different denominations of money. A one dollar bill and a one dollar coin are the same denomination as they are the same value.
Monetary union.
When countries form a monetary union, redenomination may be required and the conversion ratio is often not a nice even number, or even less than 1.
Decimalisation.
In many countries where an £sd system (£1 = 20 shillings = 240 pence) is used, the process of decimalisation was carried out. While they were at it, some chose to change the main unit as well. By defining 1 dollar = £0.5 = 100 cents, 1 shilling would conveniently turn into 10 cents. This is also a prime example where the ratio is less than 1.

Bill_Medley
Bill Medley (born September 19, 1940 in Los Angeles, California) is an American singer and songwriter. He was a founding member of the Righteous Brothers. He also had a solo career.
In 1987, Medley had a hit record with a duet he sang with Jennifer Warnes, "(I've Had) The Time of My Life". It was the theme to a popular movie, "Dirty Dancing".

Thyme
Thyme ("Thymus") (pronounced "time") is a genus of perennial plants. There are about 350 different species of thyme. They are herbaceous plants and sub-shrubs. They can grow to about 40 cm tall. They are the family Lamiaceae and native to Europe, North Africa and Asia. A few species have different chemotypes. The stems are usually narrow, sometimes even wiry. The leaves are evergreen in most species. They are arranged in opposite pairs, oval, entire, and small, 4-20 mm long. The flowers are in dense terminal heads, with an uneven calyx, with the upper lip three-lobed, and the lower cleft; the corolla is tubular, 4-10 mm long, and white, pink or purple.
"Thymus" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some "Lepidoptera" insect species including "Chionodes distinctella" and the "Coleophora" case-bearers "C. lixella", "C. niveicostella", "C. serpylletorum" and "C. struella" (the last three feed exclusively on "Thymus").
History.
Ancient Egyptians used thyme for embalming. The ancient Greeks used it in their baths and burnt it as incense in their temples. They believed that thyme was a source of courage. It was thought that the spread of thyme throughout Europe was thanks to the Romans, as they used it to purify their rooms. In the European Middle Ages, the herb was placed under pillows. This was done to help sleep and ward off nightmares. (Huxley 1992). In this period, women would also often give knights and warriors gifts that included thyme leaves. People believed it would bring courage to the bearer. Thyme was also used as incense and placed on coffins during funerals as it was supposed to assure passage into the next life.
Cultivation.
Thyme is widely grown as a herb. Usually it is grown for its strong flavour, which is due to its content of thymol.
Thyme likes a hot sunny location with good-draining soil. It is planted in the spring and later grows as a perennial. It can be propagated by seed, cuttings, or by dividing rooted sections of the plant. It tolerates drought well.
Thyme keeps its flavour on drying better than many other herbs.
Culinary use.
Thyme is widely used for cooking. Thyme is a basic ingredient in French and Italian cuisines, and in those derived from them. It is also widely used in Caribbean cuisine.
Thyme is often used to flavour meats, soups and stews. It has a particular affinity to and is often used as a primary flavour with lamb, tomatoes and eggs.
Thyme, while flavourful, does not overpower and blends well with other herbs and spices. In French cuisine, along with bay and parsley it is a common component of the "bouquet garni", and of "herbes de Provence". In some Middle Eastern countries, the condiment "za'atar" contains thyme as a vital ingredient.
Fresh, Powdered, and Dry.
Thyme is sold both fresh and dried. The fresh form is more flavourful but also less convenient; storage life is rarely more than a week. While summer-seasonal, fresh thyme is often available year-round. Fresh thyme is commonly sold in bunches of sprigs. A sprig is a single stem snipped from the plant. It is composed of a woody stem with paired leaf or flower clusters ("leaves") spaced ½ to 1" apart. A recipe may measure thyme by the bunch (or fraction thereof), or by the sprig, or by the tablespoon or teaspoon. If the recipe does not specify fresh or dried, assume that it means fresh.
Depending on how it is used in a dish, the whole sprig may be used (e.g. in a "bouquet garni"), or the leaves removed and the stems discarded. Usually when a recipe specifies 'bunch' or 'sprig' it means the whole form; when it specifies spoons it means the leaves. It is perfectly acceptable to substitute dried for whole thyme.
Leaves may be removed from stems either by scraping with the back of a knife, or by pulling through the fingers or tines of a fork. Leaves are often chopped.
Thyme retains its flavour on drying better than many other herbs. Dried, and especially powdered thyme occupies less space than fresh, so less of it is required when substituted in a recipe. As a rule of thumb, use one third as much dried as fresh thyme - a little less if it is ground. Substitution is often more complicated than that because recipes can specify sprigs and sprigs can vary in yield of leaves. Assuming a 4" sprig (they are often somewhat longer), estimate that 6 sprigs will yield one tablespoon of leaves. The dried equivalent is 1:3, so substitute 1 teaspoon of dried or ¾ tsp of ground thyme for 6 small sprigs.
As with bay, thyme is slow to release its flavours so it is usually added early in the cooking process.
Medicinal Use.
The essential oil of common thyme (Thymus vulgaris) is made up of 20-55% thymol. Thymol, an antiseptic, is the main active ingredient in Listerine mouthwash. Before the advent of modern antibiotics, it was used to medicate bandages. It has also been shown to be effective against the fungus that commonly infects toenails.
A tea made by infusing the herb in water can be used for cough and bronchitis. Medicinally thyme is used for respiratory infections in the form of a tincture, tisane, salve, syrup or by steam inhalation. Because it is antiseptic, thyme boiled in water and cooled is very effective against inflammation of the throat when gargled 3 times a day. The inflammation will normally disappear in 2 - 5 days. Other infections and wounds can be dripped with thyme that has been boiled in water and cooled.
In traditional Jamaican childbirth practice, thyme tea is given to the mother after delivery of the baby. Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta.
Important species.
"Thymus vulgaris" (Common Thyme or Garden Thyme) is a commonly used culinary herb. It also has medicinal uses. Common thyme is a Mediterranean perennial which is best suited to well-drained soils and enjoys full sun.
"Thymus herba-barona" (Caraway Thyme) is used both as a culinary herb and a groundcover, and has a strong caraway scent due to the chemical carvone.
"Thymus × citriodorus" (Citrus Thyme; hybrid "T. pulegioides" × "T. vulgaris") is also a popular culinary herb, with cultivars selected with flavours of various "Citrus" fruit (lemon thyme, etc.)
"Thymus pseudolanuginosus" (Woolly Thyme) is not a culinary herb, but is grown as a ground cover.
"Thymus serpyllum" (Wild Thyme) is an important nectar source plant for honeybees. All thyme species are nectar sources, but wild thyme covers large areas of droughty, rocky soils in southern Europe (Greece is especially famous for wild thyme honey) and North Africa, as well as in similar landscapes in the Berkshire Mountains and Catskill Mountains of the northeastern US.

1432
Year 1432 was a leap year starting on Tuesday.

Monocotyledon
Monocotyledons are a class of flowering plants (angiosperms), whose embryo (seed) store only one cotyledon.
The APG II system recognises a clade called "monocots" but does not assign it to a taxonomic rank.

Gurkha
Gurkhas are Nepali citizens. They come from the mountains of Nepal and are best know for their courage, honesty, and loyalty. The Brigade of Gurkhas are a part of the British army. They have fought with the British for the past 200 years. They work in the security forces of Brunei, Singapore, India and other countries'. The Gurkha unit in the Britsh army has won 26 Victoria Cross medals and many other medals.

ITunes
iTunes is a media player made by Apple. It came out on January 10, 2001 at the Macworld Expo in San Francisco. iTunes is used for playing and sorting music and video files. It also lets users see and change what is on their iPod or iPhone.
iTunes is a free download for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows from Apple's website. The download is also included with QuickTime, a program used to play videos. It also comes with all Apple Macintosh computers, and some HP and Dell computers.
iTunes store.
The iTunes Store is an online store built into iTunes. iTunes can connect to the iTunes Store if there is an internet connection to buy and download music, music videos, television shows, iPod games, audiobooks, podcasts, and movies. The files from the iTunes Store use Digital Rights Management (DRM) to prevent piracy. However, iTunes now sells music and videos called iTunes Plus, which are higher quality and have no DRM. They are the same price as iTunes songs with DRM.

Decimal_separator
The decimal separator is a symbol used to mark the border between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal numeral. As this symbol can be a period "." or a comma ",", decimal point and decimal comma are common names for the decimal separator. For example 9.5 means nine and one half in English speaking countries.

Hayk
Hayk (Armenian:Հայկ, also known as Haik), in Armenian legend, was the founder of the Armenian nation. His story is found mostly in the 5th century historian Moses Khorenatsi's book "History of Armenia".
According to Moses Khorenatsi, Hayk is the son of Torgom (Togarmah), the son of Gomer, the son of Japheth. Hayk is also called the founder of the Haykazuni dynasty. According to the historian Juansher, Hayk "was prince of the seven brothers and stood in service to the giant Nimrod (Nebrovt') who first ruled the entire world as king."
Hayk is also the name of the constellation of Orion in the Armenian Bible (Job 38:31)
According to Moses Khorenatsi, after Hayk the son of Torgom became father to Armeneak while living in Babylon, because the arrogant Titan Bel (who is Nimrod, according to Moses) has made himself king of the world, Hayk moves with his family and 300 others to the land of Ararat, and starts a village called "Haykashen". On the way, he leaves one area for his grandson, Cadmus. Bel sends one of his sons to give Hayk a message, saying that he must return to Babylon, but Hayk answers that he will not. Then Bel marches against him with a great army, but Cadmus warns Hayk that he is coming. Hayk gathers his own army on the shore of Lake Van and tells them they must either defeat Bel or die trying, so they won't become his slaves.
After that, he finds Bel's army on a mountain. Moses says this mountain is found at Dastakert. Bel himself is seen in front of his army. In the middle of the battle, Hayk kills Bel with a lucky arrow and Bel's army becomes confused and defeated.
According to other writers, this battle was fought at Dyutsaznamart around Julamerk, southeast of Lake Van, in the year 2501 BC. Hayk builds a castle called "Haykaberd" and the village of Haykashen. He names the country where the battle was fought "Hayk" after himself, and today the name of Armenia is called "Hayastan" and the Armenian people are called "Hay", in their language. Also, in the ancient writings of the Hittites, there was a country called Hayasa in the area.

Intelligent_design
Intelligent Design is the idea that the universe is not simple enough to be made by nature. Instead, people who believe Intelligent Design think that a smarter force must have made everything. Intelligent Design is the idea that the types of plants and animals around us were not made using evolution. Overall, scientists do not think that there are good reasons to believe Intelligent Design. Many people think that Intelligent Design is a form of Creationism or just another name for it. In 2005, in the Dover trial, a United States judge decided that Intelligent Design was creationism in disguise to try to get around the First Amendment.
See the article on the Dover trial for more.

Kaliningrad
Kaliningrad (Russian:Калинингра́д; Lithuanian: Karaliaučius; German, Polish: Królewiec; briefly Russified as "Kyonigsberg"), is a seaport and the administrative center of Kaliningrad Oblast, the Russian exclave between Poland and Lithuania on the Baltic Sea.
It is surrounded by NATO and EU members Poland and Lithuania and is geographically separated from the main part of Russia itself. Borderless connection is only possible by sea or air.
In 2002, it had a population of 430,003 people. This was more than in 1989, when the last census was done. At that time, the city only had a population of 401,280. About 78% of the people there are Russians, 8% Belarusians, and 7.3% Ukrainians.
It was named Königsberg originally. It was the capital city of the German province of East Prussia, the earlier Duchy of Prussia, and before that of the Monastic State of the Teutonic Knights. The city had that name from 1254 to 1945.
One of the famous people from Königsberg was the philosopher Immanuel Kant.

Climate_change
Climate change means the variation in the Earth's global climate or in regional climates over time.
It describes changes in the state of the atmosphere over time scales ranging from decades to millions of years. These changes can be caused by processes internal to the Earth, forces from outside (e.g. variations in sunlight intensity) or, more recently, human activities.

Modular
Something is modular when it consists of two or more pieces that are easy to replace. These are usually simple objects. They can be connected together to form more complex objects. For example, Lego pieces are modular. Complex objects may by themselves be modular and used to create even more complex objects by piecing them together.

Boňkov
Boňkov is a small village near Herálec in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. 58 people live in Boňkov and it has 2,0825 km². It was first documented in 1305.

County_borough
A county borough was a type of local government district in England until abolished in 1974.
Local government powers were divided between county councils and urban or rural districts.
For example: rural districts may not be able to maintain footpaths or street lighting because of their size. Urban districts were based in a town and were able handle these jobs. Schools were the responsibility of county councils because districts were too small to run all types of schools themselves.
A county borough was a town big enough to run all its own local government, so the local county council had no power inside the county borough.

Helen_Hunt
Helen Elizabeth Hunt (born June 15, 1963) is an American actress who has won the Emmy, Golden Globe and Academy Award, and very famous for her role in the television sitcom "Mad About You".
Awards.
Hunt has been given many awards in her career. In 1998 she became one of only two actresses (the other is Helen Mirren) to win a Golden Globe Award, an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year. She is the only actress to win four consecutive Emmys and to win four Blockbuster Entertainment Awards.
Screen Actors Guild Award

Hayden_Christensen
Hayden Christensen (born April 19, 1981) is a Canadian actor. He appeared in Canadian television programs when he was young, then he went to act into American television in the late 1990s. He then did minor acting roles before being praised for his role of Sam in "Life as a House". He became very famous in all the world playing the young adult Anakin Skywalker in the "Star Wars" films.

List_of_Salvia_species
This is a list of species in the genus "Salvia". The list should not be considered complete. As with most botanical taxonomies, the list may change as new discoveries are made.

Robert_Redford
Robert Redford (born Charles Robert Redford, Jr. on August 18 1936), is an American movie actor, director, producer, businessman, and model. One of Hollywood's biggest superstars, Redford's has kept his appeal as the decades pass.

Phloem
In vascular plants, phloem is the living tissue made up of small tubes which carry watery sap containing sugar and other organic nutrients to all parts of the plant where the nutrients are used for growth, or stored until needed. The sugar is made by photosynthesis. In trees, the phloem is the innermost layer of the bark, therefore the name, that comes from the Greek word φλοιος ("phloios") for "bark".
The phloem also carries information. In some plants for example, if insects or animals are eating a leaf, other leaves become unappetizing and this helps to protect the plant from more damage.
Aphids (Greenfly) and other insects feed on from the phloem by inserting a fine tube into the plant, penetrating the tiny phloem cells deep within the plant. The very high pressure in the phloem tubes forces the phloem sap into the insect. Most of the sugar passes right through the insect, so that nearby surfaces get sticky and often become black due to the growth of algae.

Christopher_Reeve
Christopher D'Olier Reeve(September 25, 1952 – October 10, 2004) was an American actor, director, producer and writer. He was already a famous theater actor before playing the role of Superman in four films, from 1978 to 1987. In the 1980s, he starred in several films, including "Somewhere in Time" (1980), "Deathtrap" (1982), "The Bostonians" (1984), and "Street Smart" (1987). He also starred in many theater plays, including the Broadway plays "Fifth of July" (1980 - 1982) and "The Marriage of Figaro" (1985). In 1987, started a public movement of protest in support of 77 Chilean actors, directors, and playwrights who had been sentenced to death by the dictator Pinochet for criticizing his government in their works. Pinochet canceled the sentence after this, and Reeve was given with three national awards from Chile for his actions. In the 1990s, Reeve acted in such films as "Noises Off" (1992), "The Remains of the Day" (1993), and "Village of the Damned" (1995).
In May 1995, Reeve was paralyzed in an accident when riding a horse. He had to use a wheelchair for the rest of his life. He then made many campaigns in support of people with spinal cord injuries. He founded the Christopher Reeve Foundation and co-founded the Reeve-Irvine Research Center. Reeve died at age 52 on October 10, 2004 from heart problems caused by an infection. Director Richard Donner dedicated his new version of "Superman II" (2006) to Reeve. The TV series episode "Devoted" from season four of "Smallville", which ran in 2004, is also dedicated to his memory. Also, "Everyone's Hero", which he directed, and 2006's "Superman Returns" are dedicated to him and his wife, Dana.
Reeve married Dana Morosini in April 1992, and they had a son, Will. Reeve also had two children, Matthew and Alexandra, from a relationship she had before with Gae Exton. Dana Reeve died of lung cancer in March 2006.

Gary_Cooper
Gary Cooper (born Frank James Cooper May 7, 1901 – May 13, 1961) was an American film actor. His career went from the 1920s until the year of his death, during which he made one hundred films. Cooper received five Oscar nominations for Best Actor, and won it two times, in 1941 and 1952. He also received an Honorary Award from the Academy in 1961.
In 1999, the American Film Institute named Cooper among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time, ranking at No. 11.

Western_Kurdistan
Western Kurdistan, or Syrian Kurdistan, is a part of divided Kurdistan in the Middle East.

Cork_(material)
Cork is a material that is harvested for commercial use primarily from the bark of the Cork Oak tree.
Portugal produces 50% of cork worldwide.
Cork's elasticity together with its near-impermeability makes it suitable as a material for bottle stoppers, especially for wine bottles. Cork stoppers represent about 60% of all cork based production. Cork's low density makes it a suitable material for fishing floats and buoys, as well as handles for fishing rods (as an alternative to neoprene). Cork is also used in the manufacture of musical instruments, particularly woodwind instruments, where it is used to fasten together different segments of the instrument and make the seams airtight.
The cork industry is generally regarded as environmentally friendly. The sustainability of its production and the easy recycling of cork products and by-products are two of its most distinctive aspects.
Cork demand has increased due to a larger proportion of wine being sealed with cork rather than being sold in bulk. Top quality corks are quite expensive, so many cheaper brands have switched to lower quality cork, synthetic plastic stoppers, screwcaps, or other closures.

Sustainable_energy
Sustainable energy involves both energy efficiency and renewable energy. Both resources help to stabilize and reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
Efficient energy use allows energy demand to slow so that rising clean energy supplies can make big cuts in fossil fuel use. If energy use grows too fast, renewable energy development will chase a receding target. Likewise, unless clean energy supplies come online rapidly, slowing demand growth will only begin to reduce total emissions; reducing the carbon content of energy sources is also needed.
Any serious vision of a sustainable energy economy thus requires major commitments to both efficiency and renewables.

Errol_Flynn
Errol Leslie Thomson Flynn (June 20, 1909 – October 14, 1959) was an American movie actor, born in Australia, very famous for his romantic hero roles in Hollywood movies like "Captain Blood" (1935), "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938), and "Adventures of Don Juan" (1948). He was born in Tasmania, Australia and later became an American citizen.

Woody_Allen
Woody Allen (born Allen Stewart Königsberg on December 1, 1935) is an American film director, writer, actor, jazz musician, comedian, and playwright, who has won the Academy Award three times, as well as many others in his very long career.
His many works and his cerebral film style, mixing satire and humor, have made him one of the most respected film directors in the modern era. Allen writes and directs his movies and has also acted in most of them. To inspire himself for his movies, Allen uses literature, philosophy, psychology, Judaism, European cinema and New York City, where he was born and has lived all life.

Adetokunbo_Ademola
Adetokunbo Adegboyega Ademola KBE was a Nigerian judge and former Chief Justice of Nigeria (1958-1972). Prior to becoming the Chief Justice, he was Chief Justice of the Western Region of Nigeria.
Though, Justice Ademola is known for his judicial duties, he was a key player in the Nigerian crisis of 1966. Then a counter coup had challenged the unity of Nigeria. A few Northern Military officers had successfully executed a coup with a plan to secede from Nigeria. But the British High Commission, which incidentally gets intelligence briefings on Nigeria and Chief Justice Ademola persuaded the Northern leaders not to quit but to assume power.
Life.
Adetokunbo Ademola was born on February 1, 1906 to the family of a titled traditional ruler of Abeokuta, Oba Ladapo Ademola. He later married the daughter of a prominent Lagos lawyer, Kofo Moore.
He attended St Gregory's Grammar School and King's College, Lagos before proceeding to Selwyn College, Cambridge. He was then called to the bar in 1934 and started work as a crown counsel. In 1939, he was appointed a magistrate before becoming a junior high court judge in 1949. In 1955, he was made the Chief Judge of Western Nigeria and later became the Chief Justice of the country.
Chief Justice.
As the Chief Justice, he was instrumental to the establishment of the Nigerian Law School, the first located in the country. He was also involved in a case: Lakanmi vs the Attorney General of Nigeria, where he ruled that a Nigerian court could review military decrees.

Fibrous_protein
Fibrous proteins, also called scleroproteins, are long filamentous protein molecules
Fibrous proteins are only found in animals.
Fibrous proteins form 'rod' or 'wire' -like shapes and are usually inert structural or storage proteins. They are generally water-insoluble.
Fibrous proteins are usually used to construct connective tissues, tendons, bone matrix and muscle fiber.
Examples of fibrous proteins include keratins, collagens and elastins.

Flag_of_Canada
The Maple Leaf flag became Canada's flag on 15 February 1965.
Before this Canada used the British Red Ensign with Canada's coat of arms on it. Flag experts say that the Red Ensign was "defaced" by the coat of arms.
Flag and heraldry experts also call the design of the flag a "Canadian Pale". This is because the white stripe in the middle (called a pale in heraldry) was not the usual narrow stripe but was half the width of the flag. This was the first time a design like this was used.
On some days the Canadian government flies the "Royal Union Flag" next to the Maple Leaf Flag. The Royal Union Flag is the British Union Jack, and is a symbol that Canada is a member of the Commonwealth, and that Canada and Britain share a history and a monarch.

Jiří_Bělohlávek
Jiří Bělohlávek (born 24 February 1946 in Prague) is a Czech conductor. He is the principal (main) conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra.
Bělohlávek studied conducting with Sergiu Celibidache. Bělohlávek he went to the Prague Conservatory and Academy of Performing Arts in Prague. He won the 1970 Czech National Conducting Competition and soon became famous in his country and abroad.
Bělohlávek was chief conductor of the Prague Symphony Orchestra from 1977-1989. He became principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra in 1990 for a short time. Then he founded the Prague Philharmonia "(Pražskou komorní filharmonii)" in 1994, They gave concerts all over the world together and made many recordings. He is still their conductor laureate (honorary conductor).
From 1995-2000, Bělohlávek was principal guest conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra. In 2006 he became their principal conductor. He conducted them at the Proms that year. In 2007 he will conduct at the Last Night of the Proms for the first time.
Bělohlávek also conducts in the United States. He first conducted at the Metropolitan Opera (Met) in December 2004, conducting Leoš Janáček's "Kát'a Kabanová" with Karita Mattila in the title role. He returned to the Met in January and February of 2007 for the same composer's "Jenůfa," once again with Mattila, and with Anja Silja as the Kostelnička. Other guest conducting appearances in the US have been with the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra.
Trivia.
His name "Bělohlávek" means "Whitehead". It is pronounced "Bye-lo-hla-vek".

Darius_I_of_Persia
Darius the Great (c. 549 BC– 486/485 BC) was the son of Hystaspes and Shah of Iran from 522 BC to 485 BC. After Darius became Shah of Iran, he divided the Persian Empire into twenty provinces, and appointed a governor for each province. He introduced golden coins and developed commerce within the empire and trade without. Darius allowed Jews to rebuild the Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem. He also built many temples in Egypt. The largest building that was built by Darius, is the new capital of Persepolis, near Pasargadae. Darius died in Persepolis. His tomb was cut into a rock face near Persepolis. After his death, Xerxes became the Shah of Iran.

Rudder
A rudder is used to steer ships, boats, submarines, aircraft, hovercraft or other conveniences that move through air or water.
History of the rudder.
Oars mounted on the side of ships for steering are documented from the 3rd millennium BCE in Persia and Ancient Egypt in artwork, wooden models, and even parts of actual boats of that times. An early example of an oar mounted on the stern is found in the Egyptian tomb of Menna (1422-1411 BC). Stern-mounted oars were also quite common in Roman river navigation as proved from reliefs more than a millennium later.
One of the world's oldest known image of a stern-mounted rudder can be seen on a 2 ft. long tomb pottery model of a Chinese junk that dates from the 1st century CE, during the Han Dynasty (202 BC-220 AD).

James_Caan
James Langston Edmund Caan (born March 26, 1940) is an American American movie, stage and television actor. He is known for his role of "Sonny Corleone" in 1972's "The Godfather" and for his role as Ed Deline on "Las Vegas". He has been nominated for many awards, including the Academy Award, Emmy and Golden Globe.

Obtuse_angle
An obtuse angle is a form of angle that measures wider than 90° and less than 180°.

Relief_(disambiguation)
A relief is a sculptured artwork where a modeled form projects out from a flat background.

Machine_translation
Machine translation, sometimes referred to by the acronym MT, is part of computational linguistics. It looks at the use of computer software to translate text or speech from one natural language to another.
At its basic level, MT performs simple substitution of words in one natural language for words in another (see literal translation).
Current machine translation software often allows to adapt the translation to subject or profession (such as weather reports) — to improve output by limiting the allowable substitutions. This technique is particularly effective in domains where formal or formulaic language is used. It follows then that machine translation of government and legal documents more readily produces usable output than conversation or less standardised text.

Momijigari
is the Japanese tradition of visiting areas where leaves have turned red in the autumn. The word comes from the two Japanese words meaning "red leaves" or "maple tree" and, "hunting". It is also called. "Kōyō" is another pronunciation of the characters for "momiji". In Hokkaidō another word for it is.
Many Japanese people take part in this. The cities of Nikkō, Tochigi and Kyoto are particularly famous destinations. The tradition is said to have originated in the Heian era.

Ukiyo-e
, "pictures of the floating world", is a genre of Japanese paintings produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries, that showed landscapes, the theatre and scenes of every day entertainment. They were made using woodblock prints.
Ukiyo-e were cheap because they could be mass-produced. They were meant for mainly townsmen, who were generally not rich enough to pay an original painting. The original subject of ukiyo-e was city life, in particular activities and scenes from the entertainment district. Beautiful courtesans, big Sumo wrestlers and popular actors would be portrayed while doing interesting activities. Later on landscapes also became popular.

The_Tale_of_Genji
is a classic work of Japanese literature believed to have been written by the Japanese noblewoman Murasaki Shikibu at the beginning of the 11th century, around the highest point of the Heian Period. The form of the language used at that time is called Late Old Japanese. "The Tale of Genji" is sometimes called the world's first novel, the first modern novel, or the first novel to still be considered a classic, but many readers do not agree on this.
The first translation of part of "Genji Monogatari" into English was by Suematsu Kencho. Arthur Waley made a free translation of the work, except for one chapter. Edward Seidensticker made the first complete translation into English, using a more literal way than Waley. The most recent English translation, by Royall Tyler (2002), also tries to respect the original text.

Music_stand
A music stand is something musicians can use to put sheet music on when they are performing.
There are several different sorts of music stand, but almost all of them can be adjusted in height so that they can be used by tall or short players, and by players whether they are sitting down or standing up.
The most popular type of music stand is the metal one that can be folded up so that it is easy to carry about. Some music stands are made of wood. These are sometimes very ornate and therefore quite expensive.
Orchestras usually give their players very heavy metal music stands. This is because the light, fold-up ones are easily knocked over. It is also very difficult to write on music on a fold-up metal stand because there is nothing to press against (in rehearsals musicians often have to write fingering, bowing and other markings in the music).
There are also very small music stands that do not have legs and are designed to be put on a table. These can be used for any kind of instrument that can be played sitting at a table.
There are also small ones that can be attached to the instrument itself. These are used in marching bands. Thomas Jefferson, former president of the United States, invented a revolving music stand which he never patented because he wanted people to be able to use his invention for free.
There are also digital music stands. When the violinist Tasmin Little played the Ligeti"Violin Concerto" at a Prom in 2003 she used a special, computerized music stand that had been made for her. There were no gaps in the music where she could have turned the pages of an ordinary music score. Instead, the music was on a computer screen, and she moved to the next page by pressing a pedal with her foot. There was also another pedal for turning back a page which was important to have when practising and for rehearsal.
There are also commercial computerized music stands available. One of them is called MusicReader.

Kobayashi_Issa
(June 15, 1763 - January 5, 1828) was a Japanese poet. He is known for his haiku poems and his journals. He is thought of as one of the four haiku masters in Japan. The others are Bashō, Buson and Shiki.

Yoshitoshi
Tsukioka Yoshitoshi (1839 - June 9, 1892) (Japanese: 月岡 芳年; also called Taiso Yoshitoshi 大蘇 芳年) was a Japanese artist. He is considered the last great master of Ukiyo-e, a type of Japanese painting.

Kamikaze/VGA_stub
"Kamikaze" (Japanese: 神風; literally: "god-wind"; usual translation: "divine wind") is a word of Japanese origin. It comes from the name the Japanese gave to a typhoon that destroyed the Mongol fleet in the 13th century and saved the country from invasion.
In Western culture, the word "kamikaze" is used to mean the suicide pilots of the Empire of Japan, and their attacks on the ships of the Allied Powers in the final years of World War II. It has also come to mean other kinds of suicide attack.
Most people in Western culture believe the word "kamikaze" was the name used by the Japanese military for pilots, but that isn't true. Their correct name was "tokubetsu kōgeki tai" (特別攻撃隊), which literally means "special attack unit." This is usually said "tokkōtai" (特攻隊) in a shortened form. The suicide attacks made by Navy pilots were called "shinpū tokubetsu kōgeki tai" (神風特別攻撃隊, "divine wind special attack units"). The American translators used a different style of pronunciation of the Japanese language by mistake, and read the word "shinpū" ("divine wind") as "kamikaze". The name became popular throughout the world, and after the war, the Japanese also started using it.

Sonia_Sanchez
Sonia Sanchez is an African-American poet. She is known for being part of the Black Arts Movement. Sanchez was born Wilsonia Benita Driver in Birmingham, Alabama on September 9, 1934. She has written over twelve books of poetry. She has also written plays and children's books.

Igbo_language
Igbo is a language spoken in Nigeria. It is spoken by more than 18 million people. Igbo is a tonal language. The language is written in the Roman script.

Thebes,_Greece
Thebes is a city in Greece. Today, about 23.000 people live there. It lies on the border of Boeotia and Attica. Archeologists have found a Mycenean settlement. They have also found clay tablets written in Linear B script. Thebes was once a super power in Greece until the rise of Macedonia.It became a dominate power after their victory over the Spartans at the battle of Leuctra in 371 BCE.Thebes is located in Central Greece, in Boetia.

Adrian_Boult
Sir Adrian Cedric Boult CH (April 8, 1889 – February 22,1983) was an English conductor.
Early years.
Boult was born in Chester. He went to school in Westminster School and studied at Christ Church, Oxford. He then went to the Leipzig Conservatory where he learnt to conduct by watching the great Hungarian conductor Arthur Nikisch. He sang in choral festivals and at the Leeds Festival of 1913, where he went to watch Nikisch conduct.
During World War I he worked for the War Office, and while he was there in 1918 he planned a series of concerts with the London Symphony Orchestra, which included several important new British works including Gustav Holst's "The Planets", "A London Symphony" by Ralph Vaughan Williams, and Elgar's "Symphony No. 2". When Boult was a boy he had already met Elgar. Elgar now wrote to him and said he felt sure the future of his music was safe in Boult's hands. Boult was at the start of a great career in which he conducted a lot of 20th century British music.
Birmingham and the BBC.
In 1924 Boult became conductor of the City of Birmingham Orchestra—now the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra—and in 1930 he was made Director of Music at the BBC. When the BBC formed the BBC Symphony Orchestra, Boult also became its chief conductor, combining both jobs.
Boult became famous for conducting a wide repertoire, including the very modern-sounding music of Arnold Schoenberg. In 1933 he married Ann Wilson, the ex-wife of the singer and administrator Steuart Wilson. The marriage lasted until Boult's death. Boult was knighted in 1937.
War years and after.
During World War II the BBC Symphony Orchestra was evacuated to Bristol. Even there it was not safe from the bombing and they moved again to Bedford.
After the war the BBC started the BBC Third Programme and Boult was involved in many new plans for concerts and recordings.
In 1948, Steuart Wilson became Director of Music at the BBC. Some people were saying that the music on the BBC was not so good and that Boult ought to retire when he became 60 in 1949. He then became conductor of the London Philharmonic Orchestra with whom he made many recordings.
Later years.
Boult continued to conduct until he was very old. His many recordings, including music he had heard Nikisch conduct many years before. His last public performance was conducting Elgar's ballet "The Sanguine Fan" for London Festival Ballet at the Coliseum, in London on 24 June 1978.
Boult was made a Companion of Honour in 1969.
Writings.
Boult wrote two books about conducting, "Thoughts on Conducting" and "A handbook on the technique of conducting." He also wrote an autobiography: "My Own Trumpet" (the expression “to blow one’s own trumpet” means: “to boast about oneself). He also gave talks on the radio. He spoke in a very polite, formal style.
His conducting.
Boult always conducted with a baton (conductor’s stick). His conducting was very graceful, his movements were very simple and clear.

Willow
Willows are a family of trees and shrubs which have many differences in size and type of growth, but are very much alike in other respects. There are about 350 species of this plant in all the world, usually found on moist soils in cooler zones in the Northern Hemisphere. Many hybrids are known, both naturally occurring and in cultivation, because willows are very fertile between their own species.
Some smaller species may also be known by the common names "osier" and "sallow"; the last name comes from the same word as the Latin "salix".

Indian_national_calendar
The Indian national calendar (sometimes called Saka calendar) is the official civil calendar in India. It is used by the Gazette of India, news broadcasts by All India Radio, and in calendars and communications issued by the Government of India.
Calendar structure.
The months in the first half of the year all have 31 days. This was done to take in account for the slower movement of the sun across the sky during that time.
In leap years, Chaitra has 31 days and starts on March 21.

Conversation
A conversation is communication by two or more people, or sometimes with oneself, often on a particular topic. Conversations are sometimes the best form of communication, since they allow people with different views of a topic to learn from each other. A speech, on the other hand, is an oral presentation by one person directed at a group.
See also.
Conversation Analysis

Nitrogen_fixation
Nitrogen fixation is the process by which nitrogen is taken from its stable gas form (N2) in air and changed into other nitrogen compounds (such as ammonia, nitrate and nitrogen dioxide) useful for other chemical processes. It is an important part of the nitrogen cycle.
Biological nitrogen fixation was discovered by Martinus Beijerinck.

Oiran
were courtesans in Japan. The word "oiran" is made of two Japanese words, 花 meaning "flower", and 魁 meaning "first." Oirans disappeared in the 18th century, but the tradition is still remembered.
The oiran appeared in the Edo Period, (1600-1868). In those years, some laws were created that made prostitution legal, but only in some neighborhoods that were closed from the outside. Like many things in Japanese culture, the world of courtesans became very complicated. Different kinds of oirans appeared, depending on their beauty, skills in art, education and more. The more important rank of oirans was called. Only nobles could be with one. Tayū had many servants, and when they went outside, many servants carried them and followed them, like a procession. They used very rich and expensive clothes and jewelry. Every man who wished to be with an oiran had to follow difficult rituals and etiquette, and only the very rich and noble could.
When the geisha appeared, the era of the oiran ended. Geisha practiced the common entertainments enjoyed by the people of that time. They became very popular, much more than oiran. The last known oiran was in 1761. The few women who still practice the arts of the oiran today (without the sexual aspect) do so to keep the cultural heritage, and not as a profession or occupation.

Li_Guang
Li Guang (Chinese: 李廣 ? - 119 BC) was a Chinese general of the Han Dynasty. His father, Li Xin, was a great military leader. Li Guang became a soldier when he was young. As Li Guang fought bravely in the battlefields, he was soon promoted to a general. He killed himself in the year 119 BC.

Shinto_shrine
A Shinto shrine is a place where people worship in the Shinto religion. Many Shinto shrines have buildings, gates, and natural areas around them. The Japanese word for a Shinto shrine is.

Daitya
A Daitya, according to Hinduism, is a type of giant that fought against the gods.

Meng_Tian
Meng Tian (Chinese: 蒙恬 ? - 210 BC) was a Chinese general of the Qin Dynasty under Emperor Qin Shi Huang. His grandfather, Meng Ao, and his father, Meng Wu, were generals as well. After the unification of China, Emperor Qin Shi Huang ordered Meng Tian leading 300,000 armies to attack the Xiongnu and build the Great Wall of China. Meng Tian was forced by the eunuch, Zhao Gao, to kill himself by drinking poisonous wine after the death of Emperor Qin Shi Haung.

Sima_Qian
Sima Qian (Chinese:司馬遷) was the historian of the Han Dynasty under Emperor Wu. He was born at Xia Yang (present-day Shan Xi Province, Han City). His father, Sima Tan, was also a historian.

1976_Winter_Olympics
The 1976 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria. The games were originally awarded to Denver, Colorado, United States in May, 1970 but a 300 percent rise in costs and worries about environmental impact led to voters' rejection of a $5 million bond issue to finance the games in 1972, so the IOC offered the games to Whistler, British Columbia (Canada), who had bid on the games, but they too declined due to a change of government there. (Whistler would go on to be associated with neighbouring Vancouver's successful bid for the 2010 Winter Olympics.) The IOC finally called on Innsbruck, which had hosted the 1964 Winter Games just twelve years earlier, to also host the 1976 games. Salt Lake City, Utah, which would eventually host in 2002 offered itself as a potential host after the withdrawal of Denver. The IOC declined.

Bhakti_Yoga
Bhakti Yoga is a Hindu spiritual practice. People constantly pray to, and think about, a form of a Hindu god, usually Vishnu. It was mentioned in the Bhagavad Gita.

Vietnamese_Independence_League
The Vietnamese Independence League, or Việt Nam Độc Lập Đồng Minh Hội (Việt Minh for short), was a revolutionary group lead by Vietnamese independence leader Hồ Chí Minh. This group defeated the French imperialists during the First Indochinese War.

Jnana_Yoga
In Hinduism, Jnana Yoga is the yoga or practice of knowledge.

London_Borough_of_Richmond_upon_Thames
The London Borough of Richmond upon Thames is a London borough in south west London.

London_Borough_of_Waltham_Forest
The London Borough of Waltham Forest is a London borough in east London.

Pelagianism
Pelagianism is a theory named after Pelagius. It is the belief that people are not born with original sin and that mortal will is still capable of choosing good or evil without Divine aid. For this reason, Adam's sin was there to set a bad example for those that came after him; other than that it had no consequences. Jesus was there to set a good example, much like Adam's bad example; but again without consequences. Christians that do not follow Pelagianism today believe that Jesus' death was special, in some way. Pelagians do not believe that.
Pelagianism was condemned as heresy at the Council of Ephesus in 431. Today there are no Pelagians left

Imp
An imp is a mythological creature similar to a fairy or demon, usually described in folklore and superstition. The word is related to "impious".
Imps are usually described as mischievous more than a serious threat, and as lesser creatures, not important supernatural beings. The small helpers who attend the devil are sometimes described as imps. They are usually described as small and very active.
Imps were the common name given to familiar spirits that served witches in the middle ages. Imps were usually kept inside artifacts such as gemstone pieces or vials and summoned for service by magics.

Mount_Hiei
is a mountain to the northeast of Kyoto city, located at the border between the Kyoto and Shiga prefectures, Japan.
Mount Hiei appeared in many folk tales in different centuries. Traditionally, people believed it to be the home of gods and demons of Shinto.

Taizu_Emperor
Taizu Emperor (Chinese: 清太祖 1559 - 1626) was the founding father of the Qing Dynasty. His name was Nurhaci and Aisin Gioro was his surname. The reign name was Tian Ming. Nurhaci was Manchurian. He was also the creator of the Manchu alphabet.

Kaspar_Hauser
Kaspar Hauser (born probably 30 April 1812; died 17 December 1833) was a child who lived in Germany. His early life is a mystery. Kaspar appeared in the street in 1828, not able to talk normally, and no one knew where he had come from.
Kaspar is found.
On May 26 1828 the boy who became known as Kaspar Hauser was found in the streets of Nuremberg, Germany. He was dressed like a simple country person and could hardly talk. He carried with him two letters. One letter seems to have been written by a poor workman and it was addressed to a captain in the army. The writer of the letter says that he had looked after the boy since 1812 and that the boy wants to serve the king in the army. He asks the captain to take the boy or to hang him. There is no date on the letter. The other letter looked as if it was from his mother to the poor workman who had been looking after him. It says that the child was born on April 30th 1812 and that he was called Kaspar but that he has no second name. It says that his father was a soldier and that the boy should become a soldier when he is 17. The mother writes that she herself is too poor to look after him.
The boy was taken to an army captain whose name was Wessenig. The only things Kaspar could say (in German) were: "I want to be a knight, as my father was," and "Horse! Horse!" The captain asked him lots of other questions but the boy only cried and said "Don't know." He was taken to a police station where he could only write his name: Kaspar Hauser.
Kaspar is cared for.
He spent the next two months in a tower where a jailor looked after him. Many people came to see him. He smiled, and he walked like a baby. He was probably 16 years old, but his thinking was like a small child, and he would only drink water and eat bread
It took a long time, but Kaspar was taught to speak, and slowly told people about his life. He said that he had spent his life locked up in a small room with only a straw bed to sleep in and a wooden horse to play with. He was only given bread and water. Sometimes the water tasted strange because it had something inside that made him go to sleep. When he woke up from such a sleep he found that his hair and fingernails had been cut. Later he was visited by a man who never showed his face. The man taught him to speak a little bit, and then let him go. Kaspar walked down the streets of Nuremburg and then fainted.
People in many countries heard about the mysterious boy and tried to find out who he was. Some people thought he was related to the Grand Duke of Baden. Some people thought it was all a big joke.
Hauser was then taken into care by a schoolteacher, Friedrich Daumer, who taught him to speak, read and write. Kaspar learned quickly.
Someone tries to kill him.
On October 17 1829, a hooded man tried to kill Hauser with a large knife but managed only to wound his forehead. People were worried that the person might try to kill him again, so he was given to someone else to be looked after. He was given a job as a copyist. Because someone had tried to murder him some people thought it proved that he was related to a noble family in the house of Baden.
Lord Stanhope.
A British nobleman, Lord Stanhope, was interested in Hauser and gave him presents and tried to get permission to look after him. He said that Hauser was Hungarian and not of noble blood. Many historians thought that Lord Stanhope himself might have been from the house of Baden and that was why he was interested in Kaspar.
Kaspar’s murder.
On 14 December 1833, Hauser was told to go to a garden where he would find out about the family he came from. When he got there he was attacked by a stranger who stabbed him in the chest. He managed to get home but died three days later. No one knew who had murdered him, although a strange note was found in a black purse saying that Kaspar would not be able to tell people who had killed him, but that he was from the Bavarian border and that his initials were MLÖ." No one ever found out who the murderer was, and no one ever found out who Kaspar was.
Films, books and art.
The story of Kaspar Hauser has been made into films, both in German and in English. Books have been written about him and lots of people have made guesses about who he might have been. Some people have even guessed that he was just pretending, but it seems unlikely that he could have kept that up for several years.

Coles_Supermarkets
Coles Supermarkets is an Australian supermarket chain owned by Wesfarmers (Coles Group before it was taken over on 23 November 2007). With over 750 stores nationally and more than 60,000 employees, Coles currently has the second-biggest market share behind Woolworths Supermarkets.

Dong_Hoi
Đồng Hới is a capital city of Quảng Bình province, in the north central coast of Vietnam. The city's area is 155.54 km² (60 square miles), population in 2005: 103,005. Urban area is 55.58 km2, urban population is 68,165. Suburban area is 99.69, suburban population is 35,823.
It is located at around 500 km (310 mi) south of Hà Nội (Hanoi), 260 km (160 mi) north of Đà Nẵng (Danang), 1,200 km (750 mi) north of Hồ Chí Minh City (Saigon). It borders Laos on the west, the South China Sea on the east, Hà Tĩnh province on the north, and Quảng Ninh in the south.
Administration.
Dong Hoi is subdivided into 16 subdivisions, 10 urban wards ("phường") and 6 rural communes ("xã").

Amazons
The Amazons (in Greek,) is a mythical ancient nation of all-women warriors. Herodotus placed them in a region around Scythia in Sarmatia. The histories and legends in Greek mythology may be inspired by warrior women among the Sarmatians.

Evolution/VGA_stub
In biology, evolution is a change in the traits passed by a group from one generation to the next. These traits are found in the genes, and when they change it is called mutation. Evolution is said to have happened when these traits either become more or less commonplace in a group.
In a person's family, his or her grandparents are one generation. The parents, aunts, and uncles are another, and that person, and his or her brothers, sisters, and cousins, are a third. Even photographs of all these people at the same age would not show very many people who looked exactly the same. This is the fact of evolution: A family, like all groups of living things, is changing from generation to generation in small ways, and these changes can add up over many generations and lead to very big differences.
The theory of evolution tries to explain all the patterns found in the entire history of living things. One part of evolution that explains a lot of what we see is natural selection. Natural selection says that since children aren't exactly like their parents, some of them might have some slight advantage that makes them better able to live where they live. Since they have an advantage, these ones are more likely to survive. Children are more like their parents than other unrelated individuals. So the ones with a slight advantage are likely to have children with a slight advantage, or might even end up with some children with a bigger advantage. After many generations in the same place, the great-great-great-great-etc. grandchildren are likely to be really good at living where they live.

Lolo_Ferrari
Lolo Ferrari, born Eve Valois (February 9, 1963 - March 5, 2000) was a French dancer and actress billed as "the woman with the largest breasts in the world", though their size was artificially achieved.
Encouraged by her husband, Ferrari underwent numerous plastic surgery operations to create a 180-cm (71-inch) silicone-enhanced bust (22 enlargements, a Guinness world record).

Wei_Yuan
Wei Yuan (Chinese:魏源 1794 AD - 1857 AD) was a Chinese scholar of the Qing Dynasty and he wrote many books on politics in his life. His courtesy name were Mo Shen(Chinese: 默深) and Hanshi (Chinese: 漢士). He was born in Shao Yang (present-day Hu Nan Province).

List_of_Emperors_of_China
This is a list of the Emperors of China from 221 BC until 1911 AD.
Emperors of the Ming Dynasty (1368 AD - 1644 AD).
Hongwu Emperor | Jianwen Emperor | Yongle Emperor | Hongxi Emperor | Xuande Emperor | Qianlong Emperor | Zhengtong Emperor | Jingtai Emperor | Chenghua Emperor | Hongzhi Emperor | Zhengde Emperor | Jiajing Emperor | Longqing Emperor | Wanli Emperor | Taichang Emperor | Tianqi Emperor | Chongzhen Emperor
Emperors of the Qing Dynasty (1644 AD - 1911 AD).
Taizu Emperor | Huang Taiji | Shunzhi Emperor | Kangxi Emperor | Yongzheng Emperor | Qianlong Emperor | Jiaqing Emperor | Daoguang Emperor | Xianfeng Emperor | Tongzhi Emperor | Guangxu Emperor | Xuantong Emperor

Brian_Orser
Brian Orser (born on December 18, 1961 in Belleville, Ontario, Canada) is a figure skater from Canada. He won two silver medals (second place) at the Olympics: the first in 1984 and the second in 1988.
At the 1988 Olympics, he was part of the "Battle of the Brians". He and American Brian Boitano were both favorites to win the competition. Boitano won it in a very close call over Orser.
In 1998, an ex-boyfriend of Orser announced in a court of law that Orser was gay. Orser did not want this known at first. He thought that people knowing that he was gay would affect his career in a negative way. However, he has since embraced being "outed".
Orser retired from show skating in 2007. He now is a co-director of skating at a rink in Toronto. He coaches World bronze medalist Kim Yu-Na of South Korea.

Scott_Moir
Scott Moir is an ice dancer from Canada. His skating partner is Tessa Virtue. Virtue and Moir have been skating together since 1997.
Virtue and Moir were the most successful junior-level Candian ice dancers ever. They won Canada's first gold medal in ice dancing at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships in 2006. In that year, they also won the bronze medal at the Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, a senior-level competition for skaters who are from countries that are not in Europe.
In their first full season skating at the senior level, Virtue and Moir won the silver medal (second place) at the Skate Canada International and again at Nationals. Their debut at the World Championships was the highest debut by any team in over two decades when they placed 6th. This made them immediately seeded skaters going into the 2007/2008 season.
Virtue and Moir are known for their artistry, musicality, and grace on the ice. They often look as if they were dancing, not skating. They have a close connection. While most of their programs have been soft and romantic, Virtue and Moir have also done humorous programs in exhibition.
Virtue and Moir are coached by Igor Shpilband and Marina Zueva.
Moir comes from a family of skaters. His older brother Danny competed internationally on the junior level with one of his cousins. That cousin now skates competitively as a synchronized skater. Other relatives of Moir's are judges and coaches.

Honour
Honor, spelt honour outside the United States, is the idea of the trustworthiness and social status of a person by the society, by judgement of his actions. The idea of honour, like most cultural things, is very different from place to place, and through time. In Europe in the Middle Ages, honour took form in the code of Chivalry. In Japan, a similar thing happened with Bushido. As time passed, the honor of a gentleman and his family was generally expressed in the practice of duelling. The idea has declined in Modern times, but still exists, mostly as an approval of one's actions by the society.

Mao_Asada
Mao Asada is a figure skater from Japan. She is the current World Figure Skating Champion (2008) and is ranked no. 1 by ISU. She won the Japanese national championships in 2007 and 2008 after winning two silver medals in a row. She is the 2005 World Junior Champion. Her older sister Mai Asada is also a high-level skater.
Asada was a child prodigy. She landed her first triple axel in competition while still at the junior level. She is one of five female figure skaters who have ever landed that jump in international competition.
Asada won won everything on the Junior level in the 2004-2005 season. The next season was the Olympic season. Asada would be too young to compete at the 2006 Olympics. But the Japanese skating federation thought there was not a good reason to keep her at the Junior level when she had already won everything. Asada was old enough for the Grand Prix, but not for senior level ISU championships. Asada went into the Grand Prix without any of the pressure that was on the other skaters who were old enough to go the Olympics and were trying to qualify for spots on their country's Olympic team. Able to compete without pressure, Asada won the Grand Prix Final in December 2005.
Following her win, the Japanese skating federation petitioned the International Olympic Committee to make an exception to the age rule for Asada, claiming that depriving her of a chance to compete at the 2006 Olympics would be denying a medal contender a chance to compete. However, this petition, even if it had worked, would have been too late. Other skaters had been effected by the age rule. The South Korean skating federation, for example, held Kim Yu-Na back in juniors for the 2005-2006 season, even though she could have competed successfully on the Grand Prix, because she also was not old enough for the Olympics, and because of it did not earn a spot to the Olympics at the Olympic Qualifying Competition in the fall of 2005. Asada had been a force in Japanese skating for many years, so the federation could have petitioned for an exception years earlier. There had previously been a loophole in eligibility rules regarding the World Championships and medalling at the World Junior Championships, but that loophole had been closed years earlier, and it had never applied to the Olympics.
Instead, Asada went to the World Junior Championships again, where she lost to Kim Yu-Na.
In 2006-2007, Asada's first season being old enough for senior Worlds, she won the silver medal at the World Championships behind fellow Japanese skater Miki Ando.
Mao Asada is known for her amazing flexiblity. She is known for her one-handed Biellmann spin and her cross-grab Biellmann spiral, in which she uses the hand opposite her leg to hold up her leg in the position. She is consistent with the triple axel.

Mikhail_Baryshnikov
Mikhail Nikolaevitch Baryshnikov (Russian: Михаил Николаевич Барышников) (b January 27, 1948) is a Russian dancer, choreographer, and actor. He is often called the world's greatest living male ballet dancer. Critic Clive Barnes once called him, "The most perfect dancer I have ever seen.". While on a tour in Canada with the Kirov Ballet in 1974, Baryshnikov asked for political asylum in Toronto. He became an American citizen in 1986, and one of the most successful ballet dancers of all times. He won three Emmy Awards.

Andy_García
Andy García (born April 12, 1956) is an American actor, born in Cuba. He became famous in the 1990s, when he acted in many successful Hollywood movies, including ', "When a Man Loves a Woman", "Ocean's Eleven", and "Ocean's Thirteen". He was nominated for several awards for his work, including the Oscar.

Wesley_Snipes
Wesley Trent Snipes (born July 31, 1962) is an American actor, martial artist and film producer. He may be best known for his role as the vampire hunter in the "Blade" trilogy films.

Michael_Keaton
Michael John Douglas (better known by the artistic name Michael Keaton) (born September 9, 1951) is an American actor, perhaps most famous for his roles in comedy films such as "Night Shift", and "Beetlejuice", and for his work of Batman in the two films directed by Tim Burton.

European_Magpie
The European Magpie ("Pica pica") is a bird that lives in Europe, much of Asia, and northwest Africa. It is one of several birds in the crow family named as magpies.
In Europe, "Magpie" is used by English speakers to call the European Magpie; it is the only magpie in Europe outside the Iberian Peninsula.
See also.
General licences under the Wildlife & Countryside Act 1981

Minnesota_Wild
The Minnesota Wild are a NHL team based in Saint Paul, Minnesota

Undercarriage
In aviation, the undercarriage or landing gear is the structure (usually wheels) that supports an aircraft and allows it to move across the surface of the Earth when it is not flying.

Inner_Temple
The Honourable Society of the Inner Temple is one of the four Inns of Court around the Royal Courts of Justice in London. They may call members to the Bar and allow them to practice as barristers. (The other Inns are Middle Temple, Gray's Inn and Lincoln's Inn.)
The Inner Temple was first recorded as being used for legal purposes when lawyers' houses were burned down in Wat Tyler's revolt in 1381. Before that date, the Temple was occupied by the Knights Templar. The Inner Temple was damaged during the wartime bombings in the areas surrounding the River Thames.

Evgeni_Plushenko
Evgeni Plushenko is a figure skater from Russia. He was born and raised in the Soviet Union. He is the last of the "Soviet System" figure skaters, which took children from their parents at a young age and raised them in a training system away from home while giving them everything they needed, including housing and food and equipment, so they could become the best.
Plushenko was a very good skater as a child. At age 14, he won the World Junior Championships. At age 15, he won the bronze medal at the World Championships. He has always been coached by Alexei Mishin, a very famous Soviet and Russian skater coach. At the time of Plushenko's rise, Mishin was also coaching Alexei Yagudin. When Yagudin saw all the attention Mishin was giving Plushenko, it made Yagudin leave and find another coach. Plushenko and Yagudin had a very big rivalry that ended in 2002, when Yagudin won the Olympic Gold and Plushenko won the silver.
Between the 2002 Olympics and the 2006 Olympics, Plushenko only lost a competition twice. The first time was to Emanuel Sandhu at the 2003-2004 Grand Prix Final. The second was to Brian Joubert at the 2004 European Championships. Plushenko came close to losing the 2003 World Championships to American Timothy Goebel, but won.
Plushenko withdrew from the 2005 World Championships with injury. But he won the 2006 Olympics with a very big lead over everyone else there.
Plushenko took the 2006-2007 season away from skating. He was married and had a child, but he is now getting a divorce. He is trying to come back to competitive skating, but still has a lot of injuries.
Plushenko is known for his consistency and his strong jumping ability. He has done a lot of quadruple jumps in competition and in combination with other jumps. He was the first to do a lot of quadruple-jump combinations. He has also done the Biellmann spin in competition, although he has not done that recently.

Hugo_Weaving
Hugo Wallace Weaving (born 4 April, 1960) is an Australian movie and stage actor. He is also well known as a voice actor. Weaving is most famous for his roles as "Agent Smith" in "The Matrix" and "Elrond" in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy, the main character of "V for Vendetta" and the voices of "Noah the Elder" in "Happy Feet" and "Megatron" in "Transformers". He was born in Nigeria to English parents. He spent his childhood in South Africa and then moved to the United Kingdom when he was a teenager. He moved to Australia in 1976. He later became an Australian citizen.

Milk_Marketing_Board
The Milk Marketing Board was an agency of the British government.
The Board bought all of the milk in England and Wales from diary farmers and passed it on to be processed and sold. This way small farmers always got a fair price, because no big producer could sell their milk more cheaply.
The Board was first set up in 1933. In the 1933 and 1934 three other boards were set up for Scotland and one for Northern Ireland in 1955.
From 1958 until it was abolished the Milk Marketing Board sponsored (paid money for) the Tour of Britain bicycle race, which was called "The Milk Race".

Angela_Beesley
Angela Beesley (born August 3, 1977) is a British web entrepreneur. She works alongside Jimbo Wales, and works for Wikia.

John_Couey
John Evander Couey (born September 19, 1958) is an American sex offender and murderer. He was convicted of kidnapping, raping, and murdering nine-year old Jessica Lunsford in February 2005, in Florida. Lunsford's disappearance and Couey's subsequent confession and trial received extensive media coverage. Due to Couey's actions, Jessica's Law was enacted in Florida, and Congress created the Jessica Lunsford Act. A jury recommended that Couey receive the death penalty, and on August 24, 2007 Couey was sentenced to death.

Bonnaroo_Music_Festival
The Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival is an annual four-day music festival held in Manchester, Tennessee. It is held by Superfly Productions and AC Entertainment and was first put together in 2002. The show's main features are the multiple stages, with the two main stages -- the "What" stage and the "Which" stage -- providing most of the performances. The music that is heard comes in a wide variety, including world music, hip hop, jazz, americana, bluegrass, country music, folk, gospel, reggae, electronica, and other alternative music.

Yours_truly_(letter)
Most of the time, the words "Yours truly" are used in English to end a letter politely. It is normally followed by the name of the letter's author.
Modern day.
In the UK, "Yours truly" has been replaced by "Yours sincerely" or "Yours faithfully".
Yours sincerely.
"Yours sincerely" is used when the person who is receiving the letter knows the author well and they can call each other by their first names.
Yours faithfully.
"Yours faithfully" is used when the person who is receiving the letter is not known by name (i.e. the recipient is addressed by a phrase such as "Dear Sir/Madam").

Pakenham_railway_station,_Melbourne
Pakenham is a railway station in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, located in the suburb of Pakenham, on the Pakenham railway line. It is in Metcard Zone 2. It is the terminus for the Pakenham line, as well as a stop for regional trains going to Traralgon and Bairnsdale. The station contains 2 platforms.

Prix_de_Rome
The Prix de Rome was a scholarship (money prize) for art students in Paris. It was created in 1663 in France when Louis XIV was reigning. Every year the prize was given to promising young painters, sculptors, and architects. They had to finish a very difficult piece of work to show that they deserved to win the prize. The person who won the prize would get money so that that he could go to Rome for a year to study. Sometimes they were allowed to stay longer if they were doing exceptionally good work.
In 1803, music was added to the subjects, and in 1804 engraving was added. Sometimes people won “second prize” which allowed them to study for a shorter period.
Many artists who won the Prix de Rome are now almost forgotten. On the other hand, there are many artists who became very famous but did not win the Prix de Rome. These people include Eugène Delacroix, Edouard Manet, Edgar Degas and the composers Ernest Chausson and Maurice Ravel. Ravel tried five times to win it. There was a big argument about this at the Paris Conservatoire, and rules were reorganized after that.
The Prix de Rome continued to be awarded until 1968 when it was stopped.

Celtic_Frost
Celtic Frost is a thrash/death metal band from Switzerland. The band was formed in 1984.

Royal_College_of_Music
The Royal College of Music is a conservatory in London where young people can study music. It was founded in 1882. Many musicians who became famous studied music at the Royal College of Music.
The Royal College of Music was founded by Royal Charter. The president was the Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII). The president has always been a member of the royal family. The first director was Sir George Groves and he was followed by Sir Hubert Parry. The first building was opposite the west side to the Royal Albert Hall, but in 1894 the RCM moved to a larger building south of the Royal Albert Hall on Prince Consort Road. The College is still there, but there have been many extensions and improvements to the building since then.
There are about 520 students at the RCM. About 170 of these are post-graduate students. The college can award degrees and diplomas in music. Composers and performing musicians can study there. There is a large museum of musical instruments. Next to the main building is a 400-seater opera house, the Britten Theatre, opened in 1986. There are now over 600 students from about 50 countries.
The director of the Royal College of Music is Dr Colin Lawson.

Sabaragamuwa_Province
Sabaragamuwa is a province in Sri Lanka. It has two main districts: Ratnapura and Kegalle. Ratnapra is famouse for its gems.

Crysis
Crysis is a first person shooter computer game involving science fiction. In the game, humans must survive an invasion by aliens. This is the first game to use all of the features of DirectX 10. And it's one of the most anticipated games, because of its awesome graphics. It's a free-to-explore game. This game takes place in 2020 on an island south of China that is hit by a meteor. Both the North Korean and American army gets involved, but the North Korean Army gets there first. Both armies later find out that the meteor is an alien ship. At that time an alien invasion threatens the whole world. Meanwhile, the American forces attack the island to take control from the Koreans.
This games story.
There is spoilers in this paragraph!
You play a soldier called Nomad. You and three soldiers look for missing people on an island. You find that Koreans attacked the island. America attacks the island. In the middle of the fighting, aliens come out of a mountain. Aliens then make a cold sphere(round circle) on the island. America shoots a nuke at the sphere. The sphere becomes bigger, because it took the energy from the explosion. You then fight a big alien on a big ship.
Game information.
The publisher is EA Games and it is developed by Crytek. It was released on November 16 2007. Crytek promised another Crysis game to continue the story.

Maple_syrup_urine_disease
Maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) is a genetic medical disorder. It causes a problem with how the human body deals with amino acid. It is also called branched chain ketoaciduria. Maple syrup urine disease affects about 1 in 185,000 infants worldwide.
The most noticeable symptom of the disorder is an infant with sweet-smelling urine. Infants with this disease seem healthy at birth. If the disease is not treated, the person will suffer severe brain damage and eventually die. MSUD is much more common in children of Amish and Mennonite descent.
From a very early age, the condition can be recognised by poor feeding, vomiting, lack of energy, seizures, and mental health issues. The urine of infants with this disease has a very sweet odor, much like burned caramel or maple syrup. This is what gives the condition its name.

Pachycephalosaurus
"Pachycephalosaurus" was a kind of dinosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous period millions of years ago. It lived in what is now North America. "Pachycephalosaurus" was a member of the Pachycephalosaurid family. It may have eaten both plants and meat. This dinosaur is only known from a single skull and a few extremely thick skull roofs.

Filioque_clause
The Filioque cause is a part of the Nicene Creed that not all Christians agree about. Filioque is Latin. In the context (of the Nicene Creed) it means "and from the son". The main parties involved are the Roman Catholic church and the Eastern Orthodox Church. The Eastern Orthodox Church rejects these Changes, the Catholic Church, as well as most Protestant and the Anglican Church accept them
The Latin text is given below, the changes are highlighted. These were added to the Catholic version.
Many Eastern Catholic Churches have the same version as the Eastern Orthodox Churches for day-to-day use. They do however have the official catholic version for special uses.

Negligence
In law, negligence is a kind of lawsuit that people and organizations can bring if they are hurt. It is a kind of tort. The law calls someone negligent if he hurts someone else, or someone else's property, because he was not careful enough.
Duty.
The defendant's "duty" is what the law says that he or she has to do. Usually, the law says that people have to be "reasonable". That means they have to be careful, use good judgment, and not be unfair to other people. In some cases, the law tells people that they have special duties. In other cases, the law says that people have no duties at all. For example, in most places that use the common law, a person has no legal duty to rescue another person from harm, even if the rescue is very easy and does not cost anything or put anyone else in danger.
Breach.
When people do not follow their duty, the law says that they "breach" their duty.
Harm.
A plaintiff can usually bring a lawsuit only if he or she has been hurt, or has some other legal harm. The law tells people what kinds of injuries people can sue about.
Cause.
A plaintiff can usually sue a defendant only if that defendant was the one who hurt the plaintiff. In many cases, it is easy to figure out who hurt someone. But sometimes people get hurt in ways that nobody expects. For example, a defendant might be driving while drunk, and he might hit an electric pole. The electric pole could fall down and cause a neighborhood to lose electric power. As a result, a person two miles away might trip and fall in the dark. The law will decide whether the drunk driver "caused" the person to trip and fall.
Outside the law.
The word "negligence" is sometimes used outside the law in a similar way. It means that someone has not been careful enough.

Gaucho
Gaucho (or Gaúcho) is the term commonly used for people who live in the south regions of Brazil, mainly in Rio Grande do Sul. It can also be used for people from Uruguay, Argentina and Chile.
It is roughly the same as the North American cowboy, however the gauchos dress quite differently from cowboys and have different habits.

Genome
In biology the genome of an organism is its whole hereditary information and is encoded in the DNA (or, for some viruses, RNA). This includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the
The term was coined in 1920.
More precisely, the genome of an organism is a complete DNA sequence of one set of chromosomes. The term genome can be applied specifically to mean the complete set of "nuclear DNA" (i.e., the "nuclear genome") but can also be applied to organelles that contain their own DNA, as with the mitochondrial genome or the chloroplast genome.
Comparison of different genome sizes.
"Note:" The DNA from a single human cell has a length of ~1.8 m (but at a width of ~2.4 nanometers).

The_Weakest_Link
"The Weakest Link" (known as "Weakest Link" in many countries) is a television game show which first appeared in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on 14 August 2000. It was devised by doctor and situation comedy writer Fintan Coyle and the comedian Cathy Dunning, and developed for television by the BBC Entertainment department. It has since been replicated around the world. It may also be called a "reality game show" because of competition similar to present-day reality shows and has been the basis of academic studies. The UK version, hosted by Anne Robinson, reached its 1,000th episode on 18 December 2006.
The show.
In ths show, eight contestants are put in a circle. There are eight levels of money. When the round starts, contestants must answer the questions. If they answer right, the level goes up. If one answers wrong, the level resets to zero. Players may say "bank" to keep the money they have, but this also limits the money they can earn, as each level doubles the amount of money they already have ($100 becomes $200, $200 becomes $400). At the end of each round, players vote off one player.
When it gets down to two players, they are put in a runoff. The host asks each person a question in a row. The first person to answer five questions wins all of the money.
Australian.
In the Australian version, Cornelia Frances hosts the show. There are nine people and $100,000 AU can be won.
American.
There have been two different American versions of the show. The first aired on NBC from April 16, 2001 to July 14, 2002 and was hosted by Anne Robinson. It followed the same format as the British version. The second aired in syndication from January 7, 2002 to May 20, 2003. The host was George Gray and the show was reduced to a half-hour in length. The maximum amount of money was reduced; there are only six players to start; and the first one to three answers in the final round is the winner.

Mescaline
Mescaline (3,4,5-trimethoxyphenethylamine) is a chemical substance. It occurs naturally in some cactuses, like the Peyote cactus,the Peruvian Torch cactus or the San Pedro cactus. Small amounts of it can also be found in certain members of the Fabaceae (bean) family, like Acacia berlandieri.
The chemical can cause hallucinations. In has been used as a drug in Native American religious ceremonies. It is illegal in many countries. Some people use it as an illegal drug.

British_Indian_Ocean_Territory
The British Indian Ocean Territory is a dependency of the United Kingdom. It includes many small islands in the Indian Ocean. The largest island is Diego Garcia.
Like many other peoples throughout history around the world, the natives of these islands were forcefully deported (made to leave their homes) by the British government. This happened in 1967, to allow the United States to rent them for a military base. In 2000, the High Court of the UK first ruled that the natives had the right to return home, but the government have been fighting hard against this court decision, and the natives are still now (2007) trying to move back to the islands.

Courthouse
A courthouse is a building that holds a court. Some courthouses also have offices for the prosecutor and prosecutor's assistants. In small cities, some courthouses have other offices for local government officials.

Chichen_Itza
Chichén Itzá was a city built by the Maya civilisation. It is on the Yucatán Peninsula, about 120 km to the east of Mérida. It is about 1km in diameter. There are many temples and pyramids.

Brownsville,_Texas
Brownsville is a city located in the southern tip of Texas. As of 2005, the city has a total population of 167,493.

Sylvère_Maes
Sylvère Maes (born August 27, 1909 in Zevekote – died December 5, 1966 in Ostend) was a Belgian cyclist, who is most famous for winning the Tour de France in 1936 and 1939.

Clifton_Hill_(Niagara_Falls)
Clifton Hill is the place for fun in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada. It has a video arcade, a movie museum featuring "The Simpsons" and "Lara Croft", a haunted house, and other attractions. It hosts more than a million people per year and little shops dominate the road as well as family attractions. It is an hour's drive from Simcoe, Ontario, Canada and is considered "local" to the people of Toronto. In the past, there was an alien place, a clown-related store, and other attractions.

Frýdlant_v_Čechách
Frýdlant (-Czech, German: "Friedland") is a town in the Czech Republic. About 7,600 people live there. It is located in the north of the historical region Bohemia.

Ununhexium
Ununhexium is a chemical element. It has the chemical symbol Uuh. Ununhexium is number 116 on the periodic table. The element lasts only 47 milliseconds. It was first discovered in 2000 by the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Russia.

Psychedelic
The word psychedelic is a word invented in the 20th century by joining the Greek words for "mind," ψυχή (psyche), and "manifest," δήλος (delos).
A person in a "psychedelic state" is supposed to be able to feel new ways of looking at his mind that were unknown to him before. This can be caused by taking psychedelic drugs, like LSD. In medicine, the new feelings a patient has when he is in psychedelic state are called hallucinations and synesthesia; these are also seen in patients with psychosis.

Discovery_Channel_Pro_Cycling_Team
The Discovery Channel Pro Cycling Team was a professional racing team.
The US Postal Service stopped sponsoring their team in 2004. The Discovery Channel took over sponsorship in June 2004 in time for the new UCI ProTour
On February 10 2007 Discovery Channel decided not renew its sponsorship of the team at the end of the 2007 season. The decision to end its sponsorship is believed to be related to the sacking of Discovery Networks president Billy Campbell by David Zaslav, the new president of Discovery Communications the same day.
On 10 August 2007 Tailwind Sports, who are the team's licence holders, said the team would stop racing at the end of the year<. They could not find a new sponsor and blamed bad publicity about doping in the 2007 Tour de France.
The most famous member of the Discovery Channel team was Lance Armstrong who won seven Tours de France before he retired in 2005.
Current members of the team, such as 2007 Tour de France winner Alberto Contador, 3rd placed Levi Leipheimer and George Hincapie all had to find new teams. Hincapie joined Team T-Mobile. Many think Contador may have trouble finding a new team because of rumours about being involved in the very big Operation Puerto doping scandal.
2007 squad.
As of April 30, 2007.

Armenia_national_football_team
The Armenia national football team is the national football team of Armenia. After the split of the Soviet Union, they played their first match against Moldova on 12 October 1992.

National_language
A national language is a language which is the national identity of a nation. A national language is used for political and legal discourse.

Shepherd
A shepherd is someone who looks after sheep. Shepherds usually take the sheep out into fields so that they can graze (eat the grass). In the same way, someone who looks after cows is called a “cowherd”. A "swineherd" looks after pigs and a "goatherd" looks after goats. A herd is a group of animals. To “herd” can also mean to get a herd of animals to move along. A female shepherd is called a “shepherdess”.
Many years ago, when most people lived in the country, shepherding was very common. Sheep were kept for their milk, meat, and especially their wool. We know that there were shepherds in some parts of the world thousands of years ago.
The shepherd’s job was to make sure the sheep were safe and they were not eaten by wolves or other wild animals.
A shepherd’s way of life.
In many societies shepherds were an important part of the economy. Unlike farmers, shepherds were often wage earners. They were paid to watch other people’s sheep. Shepherds often lived all on their own. Some were nomadic. Shepherds were most often the younger sons of simple farmers who did not inherit any land. Still in other societies, each family would have a family member to shepherd its flock, often a child or young person or an old person who was not able to help much with the harder work.
Shepherds often worked with dogs. The dogs (sheepdogs) were trained to herd the sheep. Sheepdog trials are still popular today. The shepherd has to give signs to the dog to tell it exactly where he wants the sheep to go.
A shepherd had a lot of time to sit and think or amuse himself. He often made simple instruments out of reeds that grew where he sat. These instruments were often simple panpipes or just pipes which were similar to bamboo pipes or a modern recorder. Some shepherds learned to carve instruments out of wood. An example is the fujara from Slovakia and southern Poland.
Shepherds in the Arts.
Shepherds often made up music. This is why composers of classical music very often wrote music which imitated the sound of the shepherd’s pipe. For example: in Mozart’s opera The Magic Flute the character Papageno, a birdcatcher, plays on his pipes. In the "Symphonie Fantastique" Berlioz wrote music which describes a shepherd playing his pipes, and a shepherdess far away the other side of the hill answering his call. Berlioz used an oboe and a cor anglais for this.
Musicians were not the only people who liked the idea of the life of a shepherd. Many painters painted scenes in the country with sheep being looked after by a shepherd. Poets wrote about shepherds. The shepherd’s way of life was thought to be the ideal way to live. It was called Arcadian. Poems like these are called pastoral, after the term for herding. Some early examples are the "Idylls" of Theocritus, and the "Eclogues" of Virgil.
Metaphors in religion.
In the Christian religion Jesus is often called “the good shepherd” because he looks after his people in the same way that a shepherd looks after his sheep.
Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, was proud of being part of a rich tradition of prophets who made their living as shepherds.

Sexual_assault
Sexual assault is when two people come in contact of a sexual nature, but one of the two people does not want this contact to happen. In some cases, one of the people involved may also be unable to consent to the contact. Rape is one form of sexual assault, but not the only one.
Different countries have different definitions of this.

Dardanelles
Dardanelles is a narrow strait in northwestern Turkey connecting the Aegean Sea to the Sea of Marmara.

Artificial_sweetener
An Artificial sweetener or Sugar substitute is a chemical. It is added to some foods to make them taste sweet. It is made to taste like sugar or corn syrup. Usually it has a much lower energy value than sugar. It can be found in many products which say "Light" or "Diet" in their name.
Problems.
Studies done with animals have shown that artificial sweeteners cause weight gain. A sweet taste causes insulin to be produced. This will store some of the sugar in the blood in tissues, including fat. With artificial sweeteners, the amount of sugar in the blood does not increase. This means that there will be too little sugar in the blood. This is known as hypoglycemia. On the next meal, more food will be eaten to get the blood sugar level back to normal values.
After a while, rats given sweeteners have steadily increased the amount of calories. This increased body weight, and adiposity (fatness). The natural repsonse to easting sugary foods is to eat less at the next meal and to use some of the extra energy to warm the body after the meal. When using artifical sweeteners, this effect is lost gradually.

Lozi_language
Lozi, also known as Silozi and Rozi, is a Bantu language of the Niger-Congo language family. It is spoken by the Lozi people living in western province of Zambia, which is also called Barotse Land. Lozi is a language from the Bantu family. The population is estimated between 100,000 and 200,000 inhabitants. The provincial town of Western province is Mongu. Some district towns are Sesheke, Senanga, eo.

Illyria
Illyria was a ancient region in the western part of today's Balkan Peninsula, by tribes of Illyrians a old people who spoke the Illyrian languages.

Soconusco
Soconusco is a region of the Mexican state of Chiapas. It is in the most southern part of the state. It borders the Republic of Guatemala on the southeast, the regions Costa, Sierra and Fraylesca of Chiapas on the east and north, and the shore of the Pacific Ocean on the southwest. It is a region of rich lowlands and foothills. The economic center of Soconusco is Tapachula.
The name comes from the Nahuatl word "xoconostle", meaning the fruit of the prickly pear cactus. It was, under the Mexican culture, the farthest region of trade. The area provided jaguar pelts, cacao, and quetzal feathers for the ruling classes in the Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan.
The Soconusco region is the main coffee-producing region in Chiapas. It has many plantations farther inland in the foothills of the Sierra Madre del Sur.

Agha_Petros
Agha Petros (Syriac: ܐܓܐ ܦܜܪܘܣ; born 1 April 1880, died 2 February 1932) was an Assyrian General during World War I. Petros was born in the Lower Baz village, Ottoman Empire.
Agha Petros defeated the Turks in Sauj Bulak and drove them back to Rowanduz. Agha Petros had no real influence over Assyrians or Armenians, and was not trusted by many of them.

Basilisk
Basilisks are a type lizards. They are about 70-75 cm long, when fully grown, and weights about 80 grams. They can be found in Latin America. Currently, there are 4 different species.

Thomas_Francis_Wade
Sir Thomas Francis Wade (25 August, 1818–31 July, 1895) was a London-born British diplomat and sinologist who produced a syllabary in 1859 that was later amended, extended and converted into the Wade-Giles Romanization for Mandarin Chinese by Herbert Giles in 1892. His Chinese name was Wei Tuoma (威妥瑪).

Risk_(game)
Risk is a board game which is played with two to six players each with different coloured army men.
Aim.
The main aim of the game is to conquer or dominate the whole world. Whoever does this first wins the game.
Beginning.
At the start of the game a player shuffles and deals out all of the cards. Each cards has either a country or a territory on it. When each player receives their cards, they put a soldier on their countries or territories. After they do this, they get a number of soldiers, cavalries and cannons to spread around according to which continent they want to conquer first. Then they hand their cards back and they put them all face-down on top of each other. Then the game starts.
Attacking/Defending.
Roll the red dice to attack and the white dice to defend. At the end of each turn, pick a card. With this card look at the country or territory and the soldier, cavalry or cannon. If someone conquers the country or territory on the card it belongs to him. For every country a player owned, they get two extra soldiers.

1904_Summer_Olympics
The 1904 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the III Olympiad, were held in St. Louis, Missouri in the United States from July 1, 1904 to November 23, 1904, at what is now known as Francis Field on the campus of Washington University in St. Louis. Chicago had won the original bid to host the games, but the Louisiana Purchase Exposition would not accept another international event in the same time frame. The organization began to plan for its own sports activities, informing the Chicago Organizing Committee for the Olympic Games that the Exposition would try to make the Olympic Games less important than the Exposition games unless the Olympic Games were moved to St. Louis. Pierre de Coubertin, the founder of the modern Olympic movement, finally agreed...
St. Louis repeated the mistakes made at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris. Competitions were reduced to a side-show of the World's Fair and were lost in the chaos of other, more popular cultural exhibits. David Francis, the President of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, did not invite anybody else to open the games and, on July 1, 1904, did so himself in a small, short 'ceremony'.
Officially, the games lasted for months; in fact, James Edward Sullivan tried to hold an event every day of the fair. The Olympic events were again mixed with other sporting events, but unlike Paris, who hardly ever mentioned the Olympics, Sullivan called "all" his sports events "Olympic". From these events, the International Olympic Committee declared 94 of them to be Olympic. A total of 651 athletes competed in the games—645 men and 6 women, representing 12 countries. In fact, only 42 of the events actually included athletes who were "not" from the United States. The majority of the recognized Olympic sports were held from Monday, August 29 to Saturday, September 3, 1904.

Magnesium_oxide
Magnesium oxide, or magnesia, is a white solid mineral, made of one part magnesium and one part oxygen. Its chemical formula is MgO. Magnesium oxide is used by libraries to make books last longer. It is also used as an insulator for some electrical wires, and to help crucibles resist high temperatures. Magnesium oxide is also used to treat heartburn and upset stomachs.

Hippie
A hippie (sometimes hippy) is a label for a person who feels attached to a certain counterculture that started in the United States and spread to other countries in the 1960s.
Hippies have their own views on drug use, sexual liberation, and women's rights.
History.
The first people to be called "hippies" in around 1965 were young adults and teenagers who grew out of the beatnik movement and supporters of civil rights for African-Americans in the Southern USA. They soon developed their own music scene in neighbourhoods in New York City (Greenwich Village) and San Francisco (Haight-Ashbury). They were also strongly against the Vietnam War, nuclear weapons, and what they called the "Establishment" and the "military-industrial complex" (This phrase was taken from a warning in the farewell speech of President Dwight Eisenhower in 1961).
Many more people began to see hippies in the news after the Human Be-In (January 1967) and the 1967 "Summer of Love" were held in San Francisco. By this time, they had developed their own lifestyle that included psychedelic styles, drug use, usually some amount of travel, and far longer hair than people had been used to seeing. These styles quickly spread across the country, especially to college campuses where students were loudly protesting President Lyndon Johnson's policies in Vietnam, the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in 1968, and other events. They also spread to the UK, Netherlands, France, Italy, Germany, Australia, New Zealand and Canada, among other places.
1968 was a time of excitement as many more Americans turned against the war following the Tet Offensive, King was shot, and politicians began to get ready for the election for President in November. Many colleges were shut down by students, and people burned their draft cards at public rallies. A group of radical hippies called the Yippies led by Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin led a huge protest during the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago, where they tried to run a pig called Pigasus as a candidate for President. The mayor responded by sending in riot police who beat people up in front of news cameras - even the cameramen, reporters, and other innocent people. This was shown on the news, and many programs and television stations began to become less favourable to the politicians, and more sympathetic to the hippies. This made hippie lifestyle much more mainstream through the early seventies.
In 1969, Richard Nixon succeeded Johnson as President, and protests continued - not just against the war, but against the court trials and hearings of the Yippie leaders who became known as "the Chicago Seven" (originally "Chicago Eight"). Also in that year, a huge rock concert was held in Bethel, New York - the three day Woodstock Festival, where around 500,000 hippies and music fans heard some of the most famous singers and groups of the time and indulged in wild, unrestrained behavior like nudism, nude swimming, mud-sliding, rain-dancing and mass tribal chants to show their freedom to the world.
Late that year, a sick murderer named Charles Manson who posed as a hippie killed several people, and because some people blamed hippies for this, the term began to fall a little out of fashion in 1970, even if the fashions themselves did not. A new type of hard rock called heavy metal was developing out of one style of hippie music, and a band called Led Zeppelin took the number one spot for most popular band of the year 1970, which had been held by the Beatles for eight years. Also that year, students at Kent State University in Ohio protesting Nixon's spread of bombing to Laos were shot at by the National Guard, and four were killed. This had a chilling effect on the hippies and the whole country, but the peace movement continued. In 1973, the draft was ended, and the war ended soon after that. US public attention turned to the Watergate scandal, and hippies never again had the attention they once did, though the lifestyle continued, especially in other countries. In the mid-seventies, trends like punks and disco were also spreading, causing the hippie image to fade in the media.

Peter_Martyr_d'Anghiera
Peter Martyr d'Anghiera (1457-1526) was an Italian-born historian of Spain and of the discoveries and explorations in the Americas.
He was born on February 2, 1457 at, near Anghiera (called now Angera) on Lake Maggiore, Lombardy, Italy. He went to Rome in 1477, at the age of twenty, and there he met important persons of the Church. In 1486, Anghiera met the Spanish ambassador in Rome, and with him to Spain in August, 1487, to the court of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella of Castile.
He wrote in latin the first accounts of explorations in the Americas in a series of letters and reports that were published from 1511 to 1530 in chapters called "Decades". The first three "Decades", together with a description of his experiences in Egypt, were published in 1516 under the title: "De orbe novo decades cum Legatione Babylonica" or, for short, "De orbe novo" ("On the New World").
He was the first writer to use the word "Hispaniola" to name the island that Columbus named "La Española". He also wrote that the Taíno name of the island was "Quizqueia", a name that no other historian of that time mentioned. Quizqueia is used now as "Quisqueya" or "Kiskeya" for the whole island (in Haiti) or for the eastern part (in the Dominican Republic).
He died in October 1526 at Granada, Spain.

888
Year 888 was a leap year starting on Monday of the Gregorian calendar.

Poisson_distribution
The Poisson distribution is a probability distribution. It is named after Siméon Denis Poisson who discovered it in 1838. It measures the probability that a certain number of events occur within a certain time time interval. The events need to be independent of one another. They also need to occur with a known average rate.

Timothy_Leary
Timothy Francis Leary, (October 22, 1920 – May 31, 1996) was an American writer and psychologist. He is seen as a modern pioneer. He was in favor of research on psychedelic drugs and their use. He was one of the first people whose remains have been sent into space. As an icon of the counterculture of the 1960s, he is most famous as a person who stood in for the therapeutic and spiritual benefits of using LSD. He coined and popularized the catch phrase "Turn on, tune in, drop out."

Fiddle
The word fiddle means a violin when used in folk music. Many people also use it simply as a fun word for "violin". Someone who plays the fiddle is a "fiddler". The bow is sometimes called a "fiddling stick". Fiddle playing, or fiddling, is a style of folk music.
The word "fiddle" is also used for instruments of several hundred years ago which developed into the violin. These instruments varied a lot from one country to another and one time to another. They were of different shapes and sizes, and even had many different names. Often they were held against the chest instead of being tucked under the chin. In the middle ages a small, narrow violin called a kit was often used by dancing masters. It was small enough to be put in a pocket. In south eastern Europe there was even a fiddle with a belly (the front of the instrument) made of skin. Fiddle strings were usually made of gut.
Many fiddles have bridges which are flatter on top than those of classical violins. The flatter bridges makes it easier to play chords and to bow quickly from one string to another. The strings are tuned in a variety of ways. A player might even change the tuning for playing different pieces of music. Tunings other than the regular G-D-A-E tuning, such as G-D-G-D or A-E-A-E, are common. One, two or three of the strings may have been used for a drone (continuous note) while playing the tune on the top string(s).
Many fiddlers have not received classical training but have learned by listening to other fiddlers and copying them. The music they play is dance music. Classical violin playing developed out of country fiddle playing. Most fiddlers use bows which are the same as violin bows, but in some countries such as Hungary they use shorter, heavier bows with horse hair that is tied around the frog (the heel of the bow). With this type of bow the player tightens the hair by squeezing it while playing.
Fiddles were played by people from all areas of society: from noble people to simple peasants. Many of them were minstrels who entertained important people. Some of them may have been able to read music, but many would have learned by copying other players and memorizing the music. At important feasts the minstrels may have played music while walking up to the high table when the food was brought in. They played to accompany dancers and singers, and even acrobats. We can see from old paintings that they sometimes played with other instruments such as trumpets, drums or percussion. We do not know the music they played because it was never written down, but some tunes we still hear today may have come from those old tunes, since some people still learn tunes by ear, from people who learned them by ear, and so on. Some American "old-time" tunes, and some Breton tunes may have come to us in this way, for example.

Atlas_(disambiguation)
Atlas, most commonly means a collection of maps, traditionally bound into book form.

Middle_age
The middle age is the period of life between young adult and before old age. There is no fixed age, but most people think it begins when someone is about 40 years old, until the person is 60 years old.
In most countries, people that think that by middle age, people should be mature, perhaps with a good, steady job and a family. It is also common for some adults to suffer from mid-life crisis, when they are unsure about their life and sometimes become depressed because of it.
Health.
Middle-aged people begin to look older, with more wrinkles in their skin, and start to have grey hair. They become less fit, less strong, and usually gain more weight.
Middle-aged females find it harder to become pregnant. If they do have a baby, there is a higher chance that it will have a genetic disease (Down's Syndrome, for example). Females usually have their menopause in middle age, when they stop menstruating every month. When that happens, they cannot have children anymore.

Marcel_Marceau
Marcel Mangel (March 22, 1923 – September 22, 2007), better known by his stage name Marcel Marceau, was a well-known mime. He was one of the most popular mimes in the world. He was said to be "single-handedly responsible for reviving the art of mime after World War II.".
Marceau created many personalities. The most famous of these is probably "Bip the clown". He received several awards for his works.

Copyright_infringement_of_software
Copyright infringement of software (also called software piracy, although real piracy still exists) refers to the illegal copying of software, music or films or the spread of these things on the Internet. Copying films is also called bootlegging. Some countries have laws about this. The problem is considered to be bigger in certain countries than in others. Those who hold the copyright get less money because of copyright infringement. As a result of this, some copyright holders publish “anti-piracy” campaigns to tell people about infringement.
Very often, the people making the laws have to make a trade-off between allowing people to copy and use the content, and the copyright holders charging for the content. At the same time, even not allowed distribution makes the content more popular. Because of these two reasons, infringement of copyright for proprietary software and content can be bad also for free software and content.

Genetic_drift
Genetic drift is the effect that random chance has on evolution. Life is too complicated to be entirely predictable. Some of the differences between living things don't help or harm them enough for natural selection to really care about them.
Random chance can make small changes that later turn out to be useful when a new food, or new challenge arrives. Maybe birds with slightly larger bills will end up slightly better able to crack nuts, while those with slightly smaller bills can grab insects from smaller holes in rotten wood. Small differences like that can be acted on by natural selection to cause the birds to end up living in very different ways.

Wilsonian_Armenia
Wilsonian Armenia is used for the borders that were drawn by Woodrow Wilson at the Treaty of Sèvres. The area was to the north and to the west side of Trabzon Province to provide the DRA an area to the Black Sea. The Armenian national fight for "Western Armenia" being somewhat part of the newly established Turkish republic dropped from the table.

1936_Winter_Olympics
The 1936 Winter Olympics, officially known as the IV Olympic Winter Games, were celebrated in 1936 in the town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria, Germany. Germany also hosted the Summer Olympics the same year in Berlin.
Participating nations.
28 nations sent athletes to compete in Germany, to date the largest number at a Winter Games. Australia, Bulgaria, Greece, Liechtenstein, Spain, and Turkey all made their Winter Olympic debut in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, and Estonia, Latvia, the Netherlands, and Yugoslavia all returned to the Games after having missed the 1932 Winter Olympics.

St._Vincent_Island,_Florida
St. Vincent Island, Florida is one of a group of islands that is located in the Floridan Gulf Coast.

Floyd_Landis
Floyd Landis (born October 14 1975) is an American cyclist, now best remembered because of the Tour de France 2006 doping scandal. He is a time-trial specialist and a strong climber.
Landis turned professional in 1999 with the Mercury Cycling Team. He joined the US Postal Service team in 2002], and moved to the Phonak Hearing Systems team in 2005.
Doping.
Landis was fired from the Phonak team on 5 August 2006. The doping test after stage 17 of the 2006 Tour de France showed he had a very high testosterone/epitestosterone "ratio". The rules say that for every one unit of one chemical he should have four unites of the other (a 4 to one (4:1) ratio). Landis's test showed a ratio of 11:1.
Landis appealed to the USA Cycling and saying the tests were not done properly. USA Cycling asked three people from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) to study Landis's claims. On 20 September 2007 that group voted 2 to 1 against him. Landis was stripped of his title as winner of the 2006 Tour de France by the UCI, and banned from professional racing for two years.
Under UCI rules, the cyclist's national federation, in this case USA Cycling decides if the rules have been broken, but because of the science involved they asked the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) to help.
Biography.
Floyd Landis was born in Farmersville, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Landis was brought up a Mennonite, and rode his first races wearing sweatpants because his religion forbade wearing shorts; he won anyway. Landis' father, is a devout Mennonite, and tried to stop him from racing his bike by giving him extra chores. He had no time to train during the day, so he would sneak out of the house at night to train, sometimes at 1 or 2 a.m. and often in the freezing cold. His father, found that Floyd had been going out at night and often followed him at a distance to make sure he was not getting into trouble. Today, Floyd Landis's father is a supporter of his son and says he is one of Floyd's biggest fans.
2006 Tour de France.
Before the 2006 Tour de Francemost people thought the winner would be either Ivan Basso or Jan Ullrich, who finished second and third respectively in the 2005 tour. Days before the race, the Operación Puerto doping case forced Basso and Ullrich to withdraw, and Landis became one of the favourites to win
Hip ailment.
Landis performance up to Stage 16 of the Tour de France and his comeback in Stage 17 is surprising because of his hip ailment, called osteonecrosis, which was revealed in an article in "The New York Times" during the 2006 Tour de France.. This means he was in constant pain.
Doping investigation===.
On July 27, 2006 the Phonak Cycling Team said Floyd Landis had a urine test come back positive, having an unusually high ratio of the hormone testosterone to the hormone epitestosterone (T/E ratio) after Stage 17. Landis denied having doped. Phonak stated that he would be dismissed should the backup sample also test positive. It did, and Landis was suspended from professional cycling and dismissed from his team. Landis's personal physician later disclosed that the test had found a T/E ratio of 11:1 in Landis, far above the maximum allowable ratio of 4:1.
The tests were done by French government's anti-doping clinical laboratory, the National Laboratory for Doping Detection (LNDD)which is part of the Ministry of Youth, Sport, and Social Life, and is and is accredited by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).)
Appeal.
On May 14, 2007 a meeting began between the USADA and Landis about the doping allegations.. On September 20, 2007, the arbitrators found Landis guilty of doping.
As Landis forfeited his Tour title, the second place rider, Óscar Pereiro, became the race's official winner. Landis has also been banned from the sport for two years, dated retroactively to January 2007.
Landis's former team, Phonak has already been disbanded
The USADA had more B samples taken during the Tour de France 2006 examined. After Landis's attempts to prevent these tests had failed, traces of exogenous testosterone were found in several samples in a test of seven samples. These confirmation tests were done at the same French lab Landis's team was trying to discredit for the first positive results.
Landis did race in France in 2007 so that the appeal could be decided in the United States first. If the raced in France they may start their own investigation because doping is illegal in France.
Among Landis's lawyers are José Maria Buxeda of Spain and Howard L. Jacobs of the United States. Buxeda represented Roberto Heras when he was suspended for two years after testing positive for doping. Jacobs has also defended athletes accused of doping, such as cyclist Tyler Hamilton and sprinter Tim Montgomery. They are also representing Kazakh cyclist Alexandre Vinokourov who was accused of blood doping, kicked out of the 2007 Tour de France, and fired from his cycling team.
Verdict.
On September 20, 2007 Landis was found guilty of doping by a 2-1 vote of the hearing committee. The committee said that there were mistakes testing the sample so they will not say that there was a high amount of the natural chemical testosterone. But the committee did say was proof of artificial testosterone and that
Landis does have the right to appeal the decision of the committee to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.

1916_Summer_Olympics
The anticipated 1916 Summer Olympics, which were to be officially known as the Games of the VI Olympiad, were to have been held in Berlin, Germany. When World War I started in 1914, organization of the Games continued because no one thought the war would continue for four years. The games were eventually cancelled. Germany won the bid for the Games over Alexandria and Budapest.
A winter sports week with speed skating, figure skating, ice hockey and nordic skiing was planned. The main stadium would have been the Deutsche Stadion (German Stadium), which was built in 1912 – 13. Berlin returned to Olympic bidding in 1931 when it beat Barcelona, Spain for the right to host the 1936 Summer Olympics.

Glottalic_theory
The glottalic theory says that Proto-Indo-European had ejective stops instead of voiced ones, namely p’ t’ k’ rather than b d g, to the traditional reconstruction of the Proto-Indo-European sound system.
The glottalic theory was made in the United States by Paul Hopper and in the Soviet Union by Thomas V. Gamkrelidze and Vyacheslav V. Ivanov. In its earliest theory, made by the Danish linguist Holger Pedersen, it did not involve the use of glottalized sounds. While earlier linguists, such as André Martinet and Morris Swadesh, had seen the potential of substituting glottalic sounds for the supposed plain voiced stops of Proto-Indo-European, the request stayed speculative until more evidence for it was published in 1973 by Hopper in the journal Glossa and by Gamkrelidze and Ivanov in the journal Phonetica.

Maggie_Smith
Margaret Natalie Smith DBE (born December 27, 1934) is a British actress. She is usually known as Maggie Smith, or Dame Maggie Smith.
She is well-known from Harry Potter movies, where she has played character named Professor Minerva McGonagall. Her other famous movies include "Gosford Park" and "Tea with Mussolini".

Scordatura
Scordatura in music is a technique in which players of string instruments tune their strings to different notes from a normal tuning. The word “scordatura” is an Italian word which means “mistuning”. It was used for lutes, guitars, viols and instruments of the violin family.
Using a scordatura tuning made the instrument sound different. For example: a string tuned to a slightly higher note will sound louder and brighter because it is tighter. Care has to be taken not to tune it too high otherwise it will break. Scordatura also made it possible to play unusual chords or combinations of notes in string-crossing (when the bow moves quickly from one string to another).
When a composer writes for an instrument using scordatura tuning he shows at the beginning of the music what notes the strings must be tuned to. The music is then written, not as it sounds, but so that the player can read it as if the instrument were being played normally, e.g. if a G string is tuned up to G# and the composer wants a G# he simply writes a G, but it will sound G#.
Scordatura in the Baroque period.
Scordatura tuning was mainly popular in the Baroque period from 1600-1750. Composers such as Heinrich Biber often used it. He composed a group of sonatas for violin and accompaniment called the "Rosary Sonatas". In each sonata the violin is tuned in a different way. In Sonata XI (called "Resurrection") he even asks the violinist to make the two middle strings cross over between the bridge and the tailpiece so that the violin is tuned to two Gs and two Ds.
Scordatura in the Classical Period.
In the classical period a famous example of scordatura is Mozart’s, "Sinfonia Concertante" for Violin, Viola and Orchestra in which he asks the viola to tune all four strings a semitone higher than usual. This makes it sound louder and brighter compared to the violin, especially as the violin is playing with normal tuning in the key of E flat, which sounds a soft key (because the key of Eflat hardly uses any “open” strings).
Later examples.
In the late 19th century and 20th century there are examples of composers using scordatura. In his Fourth Symphony Mahler asks the violin soloist (the leader of the orchestra)] to play on a violin tuned to Gsharp-D-A-Eflat. The music is describing a poor beggar playing a violin. The violin soloist needs a second instrument for this, so that he can swap quickly back to a normal violin.
Saint-Saëns asks the solo violin in "Danse Macabre" to tune the E string to Eflat to make it sound like the devil.
Zoltán Kodály wrote a sonata in B minor for solo cello, for which the cellist has to tune down the two lower strings to F# and B instead of G and C. This helps to make a very dark, rich sound when playing B minor chords.

Age_of_Empires
Age of Empires is a series of real-time strategy computer games made by Ensemble studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios.
History.
There are three games in the series so far. These are: Age of Empires, Age of Empires II, and Age of Empires III. There is also a spinoff game called Age of Mythology. It is very similar to Age of Empires, but players can also control monsters like the cyclops.
Gameplay.
In Age of Empires, the player usually guides a small tribe of people to build a city and destroy their enemies. The player could also try to be friends with them and start trading with them.

2024_Summer_Olympics
The 2024 Summer Olympics, which will be officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, is an international athletic event that will be organized by the International Olympic Committee. The winning bid should be announced in the summer of 2017.
Oceania.
Australia also hosted the Olympic games in Sydney, 2000.

Road_rage
Road rage is a word used to mean to violent behavior by a driver of an automobile, which can possibly create accidents on the streets.

Kingdom_of_Poland_(1385–1569)
The Kingdom of Poland of the Jagiellons lasted from 1385 to 1569. It was created by the accession of Wladislaus II Jagiełło, Grand Duke of Lithuania, to the Polish throne in 1386. The Union of Krewo united Poland and Lithuania into one monarchy. The union was confirmed but also transformed by the Union of Lublin in 1569, which was shortly followed by the end of the Jagiellon dynasty that had ruled Poland for two centuries.

Didier_Drogba
Didier Yves Drogba Tébily is a professional football player from the Ivory Coast. He was born on March 11, 1978 in Abidjan and currently plays for Chelsea FC in the English Premier League, wearing the number 11 shirt. Drogba is the current African Footballer of the Year. In season 2006-2007, he was the top scorer of the English Premier League with 20 goals. Drogba played for Le Mans at Ligue 2 in 1998. He moved to Olympique de Marseille in 2003 and scored 29 goals in the next season. In July 2007, Drogba moved to Chelsea.

Hittites
The Hittites were an ancient people from Kaneš who spoke an Indo-European language, and established a kingdom centered at Hattusa (Hittite URU') in north-central Anatolia from the 18th century BC.
After 1180 BC, the empire disintegrated into several independent "Neo-Hittite" city-states, some surviving until as late as the 8th century BC.

ROT13
ROT13 (or ROT-13) is a very simple form of encryption cipher. It is a variant of a Caesar cipher. In it, the alphabet is written in two lines, of 13 characters each. Encryption, and decryption is done by simply switching the letters that are below each other. That way, "A" becomes "N", "B" becomes "O", and so on.
It is widely used in USENET forums.
Letter games and net culture.
ROT13 can also be used for letter games. There are some words, that will produce another existing word, when they are treated with ROT13. The longest example in the English language is the pair of 7-letter words abjurer and nowhere; there is also the 7-letter pair chechen and purpura. Other examples of words like these are shown in the table.
The 1989 International Obfuscated C Code Contest (IOCCC) had an entry by Brian Westley. Westley's computer program can be ROT13'd or reversed and still compiles correctly. Its operation, when executed, is either to perform ROT13 encoding on, or to reverse its input.
The newsgroup "alt.folklore.urban" made a word—furrfu. It was the ROT13 encoding of the frequently encoded utterance "sheesh". "Furrfu" evolved in mid-1992 as a response to postings repeating urban myths on alt.folklore.urban, after some posters complained that "Sheesh!" as a response to newcomers was being overused.

Portamento
In music, portamento is a gradual slide from one note to another. It is very similar to a glissando, but a glissando is deliberately written in the music by the composer and may be a long slide between two or three octaves or more. A portamento is a much shorter slide, usually between two notes which are quite close. Opera singers often used to slide from one note of a tune to another instead of singing each note separately and clearly. The habit of putting in portamento between notes spread to other instruments as well. When listening to recordings of violin playing from the early 20th century we can hear that the players used a lot of portamento.
Over the last half century portamento has gone out of fashion and singers and instrumentalists are taught not to slide from one note to another. However, there are some places, especially in opera, where it can be effective so long as it is not done all the time. It is a matter of taste.

Double_stopping
Double stopping means playing two notes at once on a bowed string instrument by drawing the bow across two strings at once while "stopping" two notes by pressing the fingers down on the fingerboard: one finger on each of the two strings being played.
On instruments such as the violin the player is mostly playing one note at a time. It is not difficult to play two open strings at once, but fingering two strings at once can be very difficult, so double stopping is an advanced technique. Sometimes triple or quadruple stopping is needed. This is sometimes called multiple stopping. It is not really possible to play three or four notes at the same time on a violin. The bridge is curved so that the player can bow on one string without hitting the others by accident. Multiple stopping is done by playing first two strings and then, while still letting the sound from these two ring, quickly playing the other two strings.
Multiple stopping was used a lot in Renaissance music when playing the viol. Baroque composers such as Johann Sebastian Bach in Germany or Arcangelo Corelli in Italy often require double stopping when writing for solo string instruments. It is also used a lot in virtuoso music of composers in the Romantic period such as Niccolò Paganini.

Nigella_Lawson
Nigella Lawson (born January 6, 1960) is an English television chef, journalist, television presenter and food-writer. She presented the cooking show "Nigella Bites" on Channel4 from 2000 to 2001. After that series, she went on to present two cookery series called "Nigella's Christmas Kitchen" and "Nigella Express" on BBC2.
She has written many cooking books which have been translated into lots of different languages and are popular in the United Kingdom and the United States.

Tseghakron
Tseghakron (meaning Religion of Race) began in Sofia in 1920s headed by Garegin Njdeh.
Tseghakron is a spiritual covenant to respect, defend and perfect historical kind, which while stemming from Armenian roots is at the same time harmonious with the values common to all mankind.

Kevin_Costner
Kevin Michael Costner (born January 18, 1955) is an American film actor, director and producer. He is most known because of his movie "Dances with Wolves" (1990). This movie won seven Academy Awards, which included "Best Picture" and "Best Director" awards.
Biography.
Kevin was born in Lynwood, California, on January 18, 1955. He was the third child of Bill Costner and Sharon Costner. He has two older brothers (Dan born 1950 and a middle brother who died at birth in 1953). When he finished high school, he was a basketball, football and baseball star. In 1978, he married his college friend Cindy Costner. (Cindy Costner later played a role in "Dances with Wolves"). Some time later, he met Richard Burton, and this made him go after acting.
Kevin has three children from his first wife, Cindy: Annie (1984), Lily (1986) and Joe (1988). Kevin and Cindy devorced on 1994. He had relations with Bridget Rooney, and his fourth child, Liam (1996) is from her. Kevin remained divorced for 10 years; he married Christine Baumgartner on September 25, 2004. His fifth child, Cayden, was born in 2006.

Tanystropheus
Tanystropheus is a long necked reptile that lived in the Middle Triassic period. The main feature that stands out about this animal is its very long neck. Fossils of this creature have been found in Europe and the Middle East.

Multiple_choice
Multiple choice questions ask people to choose the answer from a list. Tests, elections, and surveys can use multiple choice questions. Frederick J. Kelly made the first multiple choice questions in 1914 at the University of Kansas.
Examples.
1. formula_1
2. Where is the Eiffel Tower?A) LondonB) ParisC) SingaporeD) New York

Irish_Republic
In England, Ireland, Republic of Ireland, Irish Republic and Southern Ireland are sometimes used as if they are different words for the same country. They are not, and using the wrong name is an insult at least to the government. Veterans, and their families, of the Wars of Independence(1916-1922) and the Civil War are also greatly offended.
The Irish Republic (Irish: "Saorstát Éireann") was a declared independent state of the United Kingdom in the Easter Rising of 1916 and established in 1919 by the First Dáil. It only existed during the Irish War of Independence of 1919-1922 between the Irish Republican Army and the forces of the United Kingdom.
It formally ceased to exist in 1922 with the ratification of the Anglo-Irish Treaty that ended the war, when 26 of the country's 32 counties became the Irish Free State and the other six remained within the United Kingdom as Northern Ireland. Sin Fein refused to accept the treaty, said that the Irish Republic existed, even if it did not control any territory. This is why elected Sinn Fein TDs never took their seats in the parliaments of the Irish Free State or the Republic of Ireland
Name.
"Saorstát Éireann" was also the official Irish title of the Irish Free State.
Legislature.
This was Dáil Éireann. It was made up of the majority of Irish Members of Parliament elected in the 1918 general election. Two further general elections called by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the head of the British administration in Dublin Castle, were treated by nationalists as elections to the Dáil. The Second Dáil's members were elected in the 1921 elections for the Parliaments of Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland; the Third Dáil was elected in 1922 as the provisional parliament of Southern Ireland, as provided for by the Anglo-Irish Treaty.
At its first meeting the Dáil adopted the Dáil Constitution. It also passed a Declaration of Independence.
Ministers.
In April 1919, the ministry was increased in size to not more than nine ministers. In August 1921 it underwent a final overhaul when the post of president was created. The six ministers were
A number of previous cabinet ministers, notably Constance Markiewicz, were demoted to under-secretary level. Countess Markiewicz was the first women elected to the British House of Commons. She never took her seat, but instead she sat as a member of the first Dáil
The Aireacht met as often as secrecy and safety allowed.
The Anglo-Irish Treaty.
House of Commons of Southern Ireland and Dáil Éireann were the same people, except for 4 pro-British members of the House of Commons.

2000_Pacific_hurricane_season
The 2000 Pacific hurricane season was an ongoing event in tropical cyclone meteorology. There were few notable storms this year. Tropical Storms Miriam, Norman, and Rosa all made landfall in Mexico with only small impacts. Hurricane Daniel for a short time, threatened the U.S. state of Hawaii while weakening. Hurricane Carlotta was the strongest storm of the year and the second strongest June hurricane in recorded history. It killed 18 people when it sank a ship.

Team_Fortress_2
Team Fortress 2 is a multiplayer, first-person shooter video game by a company called Valve Corporation.
The game has two teams (RED and BLU) which battle with each other in different ways to win the game.

Enkephalin
Enkephalins were the first endorphins that were discovered in the brain. They are found in many parts of the brain, specially in the basal ganglia. They act as "natural pain killers".
Enkephalins are small proteins. They consist of five amino acids in each of their molecules. The last amino acid is either leucine (leu) or methionine (met).

Baroque
Baroque is a style epoch. It was between the styles (or epochs) of Renaissance and Neoclassicism. This means it lasted from about 1575 to about 1770. At that time, there were absolutist monarchs in Europe. Baroque art is usually very playful and has many ornaments.
The movement started in Italy. It then spread to the Catholic countries in Europe. Finally, it also spread to the Protestant ones.
The word "Baroque" comes from Portuguese. There, "barocco" means something like "strange".In Portuguese, it was first used for irregularly-shaped pearls. It was first used in France to mean works of art that did not follow the current trend.

Opera_seria
"Opera seria" is an Italian term which refers to the "serious" style of Italian opera in the 18th century. It was different from opera buffa which was a musical comedy. Opera seria was supposed to be about serious tragedy. The term “opera seria” only started to be used after the time when it was popular in order to talk about the historic period.
Italian "opera seria" was always in the Italian language, even when it was composed or performed in other countries such as Germany, Austria, England and Spain. In France the opera seria was not so popular. They had their own forms of opera.
Popular composers of opera seria included Hasse, Vinci, Jommelli, George Frideric Handel, Piccinni, Paisiello, Cimarosa, Gluck, and Mozart.
"Opera seria" was often called "dramma per musica" ("drama through music"). The story was told in recitative, a quick-flowing music with simple accompaniment. Then there were arias which were the big songs where the singers could show off their skills. They were normally in "da capo" form (a main section, a middle section, and the main section repeated). The opera would start with an overture and there would also be some ensembles where several characters sung at once.
The stories of opera seria were usually about the ancient Greek and Roman gods or kings. This was different to opera buffa which was about ordinary people, and which often made fun of kings and nobility.
The main singers in opera seria were mostly castrati, male singers who had been castrated when they were young so that they still sang with high voices. Gradually during the 18th century the female singers got more of the main roles (the “prima donna” or “first lady”).
One of the first composers of opera seria was Alessandro Scarlatti. In England George Frideric Handel wrote many great opera seria. The most important man in the development of mid-18th century opera seria was Metastasio who wrote libretti. His words were set by the greatest composers in Europe: Hasse, Porpora and, especially, Mozart.
In the later part of the 18th century Christoph Willibald Gluck changed a lot of traditions in opera. He did not want opera to be just a way for singers to show off their voices. He wanted the story to be important. He did not use dry recitative but tried to make the drama, dance and music all important, especially the chorus. "Orfeo ed Euridice" was his first important opera, followed by others such as "Alceste".
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was influenced by Gluck’s reforms. His two great opera seria were "Idomeneo" (1780) and "La clemenza di Tito" (1791). Mostly, however, Mozart was not so interested in writing about the old Greek gods and kings. His other great Italian operas: "Cosi fan tutte", "Le Nozze di Figaro" and "Don Giovanni" are something between opera seria and opera buffa. These were set to libretti by Lorenzo da Ponte.
Other important "opera seria" composers were Luigi Cherubini and Gaspare Spontini, followed by Rossini whose musical style made further changes to opera seria.

Opéra-comique
Opéra comique is a French opera tradition. Many French operas from the early 18th century to the early 20th century are opéras comiques. In this French tradition there is spoken dialogue as well as songs and dances. It developed from the popular vaudevilles.
In Paris there is a theatre called the Opéra-Comique where these operas were performed. Although “opéra comique” means “comic opera” it is not necessarily comedy. Bizet’s opera "Carmen" is probably the most famous opéra comique, and it is a tragedy. By the late 19th century the opéra-comique usually had no spoken dialogue. There was music all the way through (as there is in "Carmen").

Renju
Renju (Japanese/Chinese: 連珠)is a version of the board game Gomoku. The game comes from Japan. It is played in many other countries including China and Korea. It is played with black and white stones on a Go board. Lianzhu is the name of the game translated into Chinese.

Kabyles_people
The Kabyles ("Leqbayel" in Kabyle pronounced)) are a Berber people. Their traditional homeland is highlands of Kabylie (or Kabylia) in northeastern Algeria.
Their name comes from the name of the mountainous region in the north of Algeria where they live traditionally. It means "tribes" (from the Arabic "qaba'il" which is the plural of "qabîlah" قبيلة tribe). They speak the Kabyle variety of Berber. Kabyles have been very active to fight for the official recognition of the Berber language in Algeria.

Tsetse_fly
Tsetse flies are flies that live in Africa. They live from biting vertebrates, and drinking their blood. They have been studied a lot, because they can spread sleeping sickness and other diseases.

Cockatiel
Cockatiels are small birds from Australia. Many people have them for a pet. Some cockatiels can repeat words, but most just whistle.

Athletic_shoe
An athletic shoe is a name for a shoe designed for sporting and physical activities, and is different in style and build than a dress shoe. Originally used mainly during sports, today they are worn as casual footwear. They are often very comfortable and usually have lots of padding.
Athletic shoes, depending on the location and the actual type of footwear, can also go by the name "trainers" (British English), "sandshoes" (Australian English) "running shoes" or "runners" (Canadian English, Australian English, Hiberno-English), "sneakers" (North American English, Australian English), "sport shoes", "gym shoes", "tennis shoes", "tennies", "sneaks", "kicks" (U.S. English), "takkies" (South African English).

Programme_for_International_Student_Assessment
The Programme for International Student Assessment is a test done by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). It is done every 3 years. In the test, 15-year-old schoolchildren are tested in different subjects. Their grades can then be compared. It is used to say that a certain school (or schooling system) does better or worse than a different one, on a certain subject.

F-4_Phantom_II
The F-4 Phantom II was an American bomber and fighter mainly during the Vietnam War. It was first flown in 1958 and was shown in 1960. The plane could carry four AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles and four long range AIM-7 Sparrow missiles. But it did not carry a gun. Later, the E model had a a cannon put on it. After the F-15 Eagle replaced it, it was used as a bomber and the G model was used as a Wild Weasel. Outside the Unites States, is in other militaries.

Short_story
The short story is a genre of literature. It is usually fictional narrative prose and tends to be more direct and less-detailed than longer works of fiction, like novels.
Short stories are closely related to oral (spoken) story-telling traditions and prose anecdotes. They all develop the story very quickly and come to a conclusion quickly too.
Many authors today release their short stories together in a book, instead of one at a time.

Tracey_Ullman
Tracey Ullman (born December 30, 1959) is a British-born, now U.S. citizen comedian, actress, singer, dancer, screenwriter, and author, who is most famous for being the host of her variety television show.
She emigrated to the U.S. and ended up having her own network television series, "The Tracey Ullman Show", from which "The Simpsons" was spun off in 1989.

Anna_Göldi
Anna Göldi (or Anna Göldin, Göldin is the female form of the name) (October 24,1734 - June 13, 1782) was probably the last person in Europe to be executed as a witch.
Life, and Accusations of Witchcraft.
Göldin was born into a poor family and worked as a servant. She had two children. Her first child died shortly after being born, and Göldin was accused (and sentenced) for killing it. She later worked for a physician from Glarus, Jakob Tschudi, who was one of the richest and most influential people in the Canton of Glarus. When she worked there, small needles were found in the milk for one of the daughters of Tschudi. Additionally, Tschudi's relatives claimed that the daughter had spewn nails on several occasions.
For this reason, Göldin was accused of bewitching Tchudi's daughter. Under torture, she confessed that she had used the powers of the Devil. On June 13, 1782, she was sentenced to die by the sword, but the verdict did not mention witchcraft. The execution followed soon afterwards. After the execution, the paper trail was destroyed. Despite these efforts, the case created an uproar in other parts of Switzerland and in Germany because the public saw Göldin as an innocent victim.
What probably happened.
Walter Hauser, a journalist, looked at sources that were not known to date. He thinks, Anna Göldin might have had an affair with her master, Johann Jakob Tschudin. During this affair, he might possibly have raped her. Adulterers were seen as unfit to hold a public office, at the time. For this reason, Tschudi probably decided to do away with Göldi. He initiated the trial for witchcraft, which ended in her execution.
Film about her life.
Gertrud Pinkus made a film about Anna Göldin's life, in 1992. It is called "Anna Göldin - Letzte Hexe". In it Cornelia Kempers plays Anna Göldin.
Was she a witch, after all?
In March 2007, both the government and the Church of Glarus refused to say Anna Göldin had been innocent, 225 years after her execution. They said that in the minds of the people of Glarus, this rehabilitation had already taken place.
On 20th September 2007, the Swiss parliament decided that in Anna Göldin's case, justice was wrong. Fritz Schiesser, as representative for Glarus in the Swiss parliament, called for Anna Göldin's exoneration. A museum is open in Glarus dedicated to her.

Kalgoorlie,_Western_Australia
Kalgoorlie is a city in Western Australia. It is 600 kilometres east of Perth. It is the largest urban centre in the Goldfield-Esperance region, with an population of 30,000. It was founded in the 1890s in response to the gold rush at the time.

Silverchair
Silverchair is a rock band from Newcastle, Australia. The band's members are Daniel Johns, Chris Joannou and Ben Gillies. Silverchair is the only artist to score five number-one albums in the Australian Charts. Their studio albums are "Frogstomp", "Freak Show", "Neon Ballroom", "Diorama" and "Young Modern". The band has released many singles, their number-one singles are "Tomorrow", "Freak" and "Straight Lines".

Wes_Archer
Wesley "Wes" Archer (born November 26, 1961) is a television animation director. He was one of the original three animators (along with David Silverman and Bill Kopp) on The Simpsons' Tracey Ullman shorts and subsequently directed a number of Simpsons episodes before becoming supervising director at "King of the Hill" for many years. Archer's college animation film, "Jac Mac and Rad Boy, Go!" has long been a cult classic after receiving repeated airplay on USA Network's Night Flight in the 1980s. He studied at the Film Graphics/Experimental Animation Program at CalArts.

John_Bunyan
John Bunyan (born Harrowden, near Bedford, 28 November 1628; died London, 31 August 1688) was an English tinker, preacher and writer. He wrote a book called "The Pilgrim's Progress" which has been translated into more languages than any other book except the Bible. The book is a story about a man who is trying to lead a good life as a Christian. It is allegory. The characters in the story represent good things or bad things. Bunyan lived at a time when there was no religious freedom: everybody had to believe what the Church of England told them. Bunyan did not agree with some of the things the Church of England said. He started to preach about his ideas. He was arrested and put into prison because of his beliefs. He wrote "The Pilgrim's Progress" while he was in gaol (prison).
Early years.
Bunyan’s father was a tinker: a metal worker who mends pots and pans. The Bunyan family had been living in Bedfordshire at least since the 12th century. They had gradually lost more and more of their land and had become quite poor. John Bunyan’s father had inherited a small cottage and 9 acres of land. He could not read or write.
John Bunyan only went to school for two, three or four years. He learned how to be a tinker from his father.
Youth: religious conversion.
There was a lot of fighting in England at the time Bunyan was a child. Many people were against King Charles I so there was a Civil War and the king was executed. For several years England was a republic, ruled by Oliver Cromwell.
When Bunyan was 16 years old he served in the parliamentary army at Newport Pagnell (1644 - 1647). After that he started to work as a tinker, and in 1649 he married. His wife had two books, both of which were religious books. Bunyan started to be influenced by religion. He became very frightened because he realized he had done things which were wrong, and he wondered whether God would forgive him, so that he would go to heaven when he died, or whether he would be punished and go to hell. The kind of things he did which at that time were thought to be wrong (sins) were not things which would worry many people nowadays: ringing church bells, dancing, playing games on Sundays and, perhaps worse of all, swearing. In his book "Grace Abounding" Bunyan describes himself as the “Chief of Sinners”. He tells how one day he was walking along when he heard a group of women talking to one another about salvation. This made him think about these things.
In those days people were supposed to worship God in the Church of England. There were, however, groups of people who wanted to worship God in different ways. These people were called “non-conformists”. In 1653 a sect (religious group) of non-conformists had taken over St John’s Church in Bedford. Their vicar was John Gifford. Bunyan discussed the Bible a lot with Gifford.
Bunyan lived in Elstow, near Bedford, until 1655 when his wife died. He moved to Bedford to be nearer to Gifford’s church. He married again in 1659. In 1660 the Restoration of the Monarchy took place: England had a king once more: Charles II became king. It was bad for religious freedom, because all non-conformist meetings were forbidden. St John’s Church had to become part of the Church of England again. Bunyan refused to go to church. He started to preach to groups of people anywhere they could meet: in barns or in the streets. Because he did not have permission to preach he was arrested and put in gaol. At first he was sentenced to 3 months, but because he refused to promise to stop preaching he spent 12 years in gaol.
Years in gaol.
Bunyan spent the years 1660-1672 in gaol, and again he was in gaol for a short time in 1677. The gaol was at the top of Silver Street in the centre of Bedford, only 5 minutes walk from his house in St Cuthbert Street, which was then on the edge of the town. The gaol had 6 cells and 2 dungeons. He could probably have been free at any time if he had promised to give up preaching, but he did what he firmly believed to be right. He made some money in gaol by making shoelaces. His eldest daughter Mary, who was blind, brought him soup every day and also took him books to read. Sometimes he seems to have been let out of gaol for short periods. This was not really allowed, but often the guards might let a prisoner out if they promised to come back. Bunyan even travelled as far as London once, and he must have gone home sometimes because he had two more children by his second wife during that time.
It was during this time in gaol that he wrote his allegorical novel: "The Pilgrim's Progress". We do not know whether he wrote it all while he was in gaol. The book is in two parts. The first part finishes with the words: “So I awoke, and behold it was a dream”. When the second part begins he says “..as I slept I dreamt again”. This might mean that he wrote the second part in 1677 when he was in gaol again. This is only guess, we do not know.
His release.
Bunyan was released in January 1672, when Charles II issued the “Declaration of Religious Indulgence” which meant that people were free to worship God in the way they wanted. The king had done this mainly because he wanted the Catholics to have less power. Non-conformist sects could register and get a license. Bunyan became pastor (priest) of the Bedford church. In March 1675, he was again imprisoned for preaching (because Charles II withdrew the Declaration of Religious Indulgence). This time he seems to have been in the Bedford town gaol on the stone bridge over the river Ouse. After a few months he was let out. He was a very popular preacher, so he was not arrested again. His book "The Pilgrim's Progress" was published in 1678. He also wrote several other books about religion, but "The Pilgrim's Progress" was the one that became extremely popular. Because Bunyan did not have a formal education he wrote in a very direct style which ordinary people could understand. A passage from Part Two of "The Pilgrim's Progress" beginning "Who would true Valour see" is sung regularly as a hymn.
On his way to London in 1688 he caught a severe cold, and died. His grave is in the cemetery at Bunhill Fields in London.

Radiation_poisoning
Radiation poisoning (or Radiation sickness) is a form of damage done to the organs, because of radiation. It is used to say that the damage occurs because of high levels of radiation, that happen in a short period of time.

Tynwald
Tynwald is the second oldest government of continuous existence in the world, dating back over 1000 years, following the Papacy.
It is in existence on the Isle of Man, and while the island is Crown Dependent (it depends on a king/queen, in this case. of England), this ancient form of government enjoys a large amount of political power.
Queen Elizabeth II is acknowledged as the Lord of Man.
The Tynwald is a direct legacy from the ancestors of Viking and Norse descent that first colonized the Isle of Man.

Helensburgh,_New_South_Wales
Helensburgh is a small town with a population of 5000+ residents in New South Wales, Australia. It is located about half-way between Sydney and Wollongong, at the southern end of the Royal National Park.

Square_yard
A square yard (sometimes written yd²) is the United States and British unit of measurement for area. It is the area inside a square that has each side equal to one yard (3 feet or 36 inches). This measurement can be found by squaring the measure of one side of the square.

Live_at_Wembley_(Beyoncé_DVD)
"Live at Wembley" is a DVD/CD by American R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was released on April 27, 2004.

Württemberg-Baden
Württemberg-Baden was one of the original states of the Federal Republic of Germany.
In 1952 it joined with Baden and Württemberg-Hohenzollern to make the state of Baden-Württemberg.

The_Great_Exhibition
The Great Exhibition, also known as the Crystal Palace Exhibition, was an international exhibition held in Hyde Park, London, England, from 1 May to 15 October 1851 and the first in a series of World's Fair exhibitions of culture and industry that were to be a popular 19th century feature.

Lemgo
Lemgo is a city in the Lippe district in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, with a population of c. 42,000.

Red_Ring_of_Death
The Xbox 360 game console can have many problems. The problem that people think is the worst problem is what many people call the "Red Ring of Death" problem. When three red lights burn on the Xbox 360 it will not work anymore. It means that the xbox was too hot inside and is "burned" inside, and it has "died". Many people have had this problem, and other problems (like games that do not work because the Xbox 360 has put a scratch on the game disk), and many people wrote about these problems in newspapers and magazines. They say a lot of all the Xbox 360s will break and will have to be repaired or replaced by Microsoft.
When the Xbox 360 was sold for the first time Microsoft said the problems were "normal", just as many problems as with other electronic things. but Microsoft never admitted how many Xbox 360s they had to repair because of the "Red Ring of Death" problem. Luckily, Microsoft fixes Xbox 360s for free when they break down.
Microsoft will not say how many of the Xbox 360s will break, they keep it a secret.
But some of the people who sell them know how many they get back from angry people because it is broken. They have told the newspapers and magazines that they believe that of each three Xbox 360s sold one will break with the "Red Ring of Death". Others say, no, it is more like one in four of the Xbox 360's. Nobody knows exactly how many break because Microsoft keeps it a secret, but most people who sell them say the problem is very bad.
Microsoft tries to make the problem a little bit smaller by trying to change the inside of the Xbox so that it will not become so hot inside.
In July of the year 2007, Peter Moore (the man who was responsible for the Xbox 360) admitted the problem. He said that Microsoft would repair any Xbox 360 that broke and gave the "Red Ring of Death", until the Xbox 360 was three years old.
Microsoft also told people who own a little bit of Microsoft (a.k.a. Microsoft stockholders) that they needed one and a half billion dollars to pay for the broken Xbox 360s.
How to fix the Red Ring of Death.
Turn on the Xbox 360. Unplug all of your inputs and get 2 towels. Wrap the 2 towels around the 360. Make sure no heat escapes. Leave it on for 20 minutes and after 20 minutes, turn off the 360 and then turn it on again.
Another method to fix this issue is a 'preventative' measure that has revived a few consoles even with the hardware failure issue or for those that constantly freeze/crash during game session. One must simply turn on their air-conditioner and the cold air (preferably 22 'c) aimed towards the left-side of the console (vertical position). Turn on the console, wait for 10 minutes and then load a game disc. Wait another 10 minutes at the game menu and then play as usual. Continue playing with the air-conditioner turned on. The Red Ring of Death is caused by loose GPU in the console. By using cold air, the GPU remains stationary and does not emit much heat.

B'Day_Anthology_Video_Album
"B'Day Anthology Video Album" is a video album, released by the American R&B singer-songwriter Beyoncé. It was released alongside "B'Day Deluxe Edition" on April 3, 2007.

Samaná_Bay
Samaná Bay (Spanish, Bahía de Samaná) is a big bay in the northeast of the Dominican Republic, south of the Samaná Peninsula. Christopher Columbus gave the name of "Golfo de las Flechas" (Gulf of the Arrows) to the bay. It has about 65 km east-west and 25 km north-south. The Yuna river, one of the most important of the Hispaniola island, flows into the bay.
There are many cays (very small and flat islands) in the bay, many of them with beautiful beaches visited by many tourists; Levantado Cay (Spanish, Cayo Levantado) is big enough to have a hotel.
On the southwest coast there is a national park: National Park Los Haitises, with many interesting plants and animals.
Dolphins are common in the bay most of the year. Humpback whales come from northern, cold waters to Samaná Bay to breed during winter and spring; then, they return to cold waters where food is more abundant. Whale watching is an important business in the Samaná Province in late winter and early spring.
France, England and United States were interested in the Samaná Bay (with the Samaná Peninsula) during the 19th century to control the Caribbean. Before that time, pirates were frequent visitors.
The most important cities around the bay are Santa Bárbara de Samaná and Sánchez on the north; and Sabana de la Mar, on the south. Sánchez was the most important international port of the Dominican Republic during the 19th century and early 20th century.

Punjab_(Pakistan)
Punjab is a province in Pakistan. The capital of Punjab is Lahore. Punjab has a population of 80 million people and an area of 79,284 sq mi or (205,344 km²) in terms of area the provincial region of PUNJAB is greater in area than Kyrgyzstan but smaller than Belarus.
History.
Before 1947 both Pakistan and India were ruled by the British. The Punjab province used to be a part of British Punjab. In 1947 the British province of Punjab was split between Pakistan and India. Today India has a state called Punjab. A bus service was launched in 2006 connecting Lahore in Pakistani Punjab with Amritsar in India. This was the first bus service between the two Punjabs for almost 60 years.

Actinopterygii
The Actinopterygii (the plural form of "Actinopterygius") is a taxonomical class of animals. The animals in this class are the ray-finned fishes.
The ray-finned fishes get their name from the fact that they have lepidotrichia or "fin rays". Their fins are webs of skin held by bony or horny spines ("rays"). This is different from the fleshy fins of the fish in the order Sarcopterygii.
Actinopterygians are the largest class of vertebrates. There are nearly 30,000 species. They can be found in both fresh water and marine environments from the deep sea to the highest mountain streams.

Bernard_Sumner
Bernard Sumner is a singer with the band New Order. He is also known as Bernard Albrecht. He was born in 1956 in Salford, England. He plays guitar and keyboard.

Never_Say_Never
"Never S-A-Y Never" is the second album by American R&B singer Brandy, released by Atlantic Records on June 8, 1998 in Europe and on June 9, 1998 in North America. Chielfy produced by Rodney Jerkins, helped to make Jerkins' Timbaland-inspired production sound popular, which he later used for recordings by Whitney Houston, Destiny's Child, and others. "Never Say Never" earned Brandy five Grammy-nominations and became her biggest-selling album to date.

Baby_Boy
"Baby Boy" is a Middle Eastern-influenced R&B song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Scott Storch, Sean Paul, Robert Waller, and Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter for Knowles' debut solo album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003).
It was produced by Knowles and Storch and was released to positive reception as the album's second single in August 2003. The song (which features dancehall singer Sean Paul) reached number one in the U.S., becoming Beyoncé's second solo number-one single and Sean Paul's second; it also reached number two in the UK. It was also recognized at the ASCAP awards by the label companies receiving the Publisher of the Year from EMI and Most Performed Songs award in 2003.

Yankee_Stadium
The Yankee Stadium is a baseball stadium in New York City, New York in the United States. It is home to the MLB team New York Yankees. The stadium was opened in 1923 and closed for professional baseball in 2008. It will be partially torn down and used for high school and college baseball games.

Sonora
Sonora is a Mexian state, located in the northwestern Mexico region. Sonora borders the states of Chihuahua to the east, Sinaloa to the south, and Baja California to the northwest. To the north Sonora accounts for a long stretch of the U.S.-Mexico border adjacent to the U.S. states of Arizona and New Mexico; to the west it borders the Gulf of California (Sea of Cortez).

Mykolaiv
Mykolaiv (, translit. "Nikolayev"; also referred to as or Mykolayiv, Nikolaev, or Nikolayev;) is a major city in southern Ukraine.
The city is located 65 kilometers from the Black Sea along the estuary of the Southern Buh river (where it meets the Inhul River) at around. Population 514,000 (as of 2001 Ukrainian Census).
Administrative status.
It is the administrative center of the Mykolaiv Oblast (province), as well as of both the Mykolaivsky and Zhovtnevy raions (districts) within the oblast. However, Mykolaiv is a city of oblast subordinance, thus being subject directly to the oblast authorities rather to the raion administration housed in the city itself.
History.
The town was founded in 1789 by the Russian Governor General of Novorossiya Knyaz Potemkin initially as a shipyard called simply a "New Shipyard on the Ingul river". Knyaz Potemkin signed an order to construct a shipyard on August 27, 1789, which is considered to be a city birth date. The shipyard was to serve for the repair of the Russian Navy ships in the Russo-Turkish war. Later Potemkin ordered the shipyard to be named "Nikolaev" to commemorate the date of fall of Ochakov to the Russian troops under his command on December 6, 1788, close to the day of Saint Nicholas "(Nikolay)" December 19, in the Russian Orthodox Church.
The history of the city has always been closely connected to the ship building.
The only Russian Navy aircraft carrier currently in commission, "Admiral Flota Sovetskogo Soyuza Kuznetsov", was built in Mykolaiv.
Economy.
Today Mykolaiv is a major ship building center of Ukraine (as, earlier, of the whole Soviet Union) and an important riverport. The city has 3 major shipyards some of which are capable of building large navy ships. Other important industries are mechanical engineering, power engineering, metallurgy and cosmetics.

Bon_Jovi
Bon Jovi is an American hard rock and country band from New Jersey. The group ist fronted by lead singer Jon Bon Jovi and was founded in 1983. They are one of the world's most successful rock bands in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s with over 120 million sold albums.
The first years.
The 1982 written and recorded song "Runaway" by Jon Bon Jovi reached the first place in a radio talent contest in 1983. So he became the possibility to sign a recording contract. Consequently, he founded Bon Jovi in 1983 with Richie Sambora, David Bryan, Alec John Such and Tico Torres. The self-titled debut album "Bon Jovi" was released in 1984. The single "Runaway" was the band's first hit and reached #39 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1984.
"Slippery When Wet".
Bon Jovi's second album "7800° Fahrenheit" had only moderate success. In 1986 the third album "Slippery When Wet" was released. It brought the worldwide breakthrough with international hits including "Livin' On A Prayer", "You Give Love A Bad Name" and "Wanted Dead Or Alive". Significantly involved in this success was Desmond Child, who wrote many of the songs. "Slippery When Wet" has sold over 26,000,000 copies since its release in late 1986. The following Slippery When Wet Tour let become the band even more famous in Europe and North America.
The 90ies.
After the enormous success with "Slippery When Wet" and the following tour, Bon Jovi released their forth album "New Jersey" in 1988. It was also successful and contained the hit "Bad Medicine" and the ballad "I'll Be There for You". Between 1990 and 1992, the band members went their separate ways for a while. Jon Bon Jovi released his first solo album "Blaze of Glory", that served as the soundtrack for the film "Young Guns II". In 1992, "Keep the Faith" was released. The album signyfied a music genre change. Bon Jovi turned away from heavy drums and wild guitar solos, and their new sound was smoother and calmer than in the eighties. The piano had a bigger influence now and the lyrics had a more serious meaning. The song "Keep the Faith" is about social and religious problems. The singles "Bed of Roses", "Keep the Faith" and "In These Arms" reached the Top 40 in the United States.
In 1994, Bon Jovi's first best-of-album was released: "Cross Road". It includes the hits from 1983 till 1992 and two new songs. One of them, "Always", became one of the most successful songs of Bon Jovi. "Always" is a love song and a power ballad completely written by Jon Bon Jovi. The 1995 album These Days was the band's sixth studio album. The sound is calm and the lyric content is very serious. "This Ain't a Love Song" was the lead single of "These Days" who sold over 11 million copies all around the world.
"Crush" and "Bounce".
From 1995 till 2000, Bon Jovi had a longer break. The band members focused on solo projects and family. In 2000 the first album after 5 years was released: "Crush". The album itself wasn't such prosperous than "Slippery When Wet" and "Keep The Faith". But the hit-single "It's my Life" became the most successful song of Bon Jovi. It reached the first place in the charts of many countries. The next disc was "Bounce" in 2002. It's affected by the September 11, 2001 attacks. "Bounce" wasn't very successful.

Stocking
A stocking is a piece of women's clothing, worn like socks. They are made of stretchy materials. They are often worn instead of tights or socks.
Stockings that are similar to woman's stockings are also made as parts of sport uniforms.

President_of_the_Bundesrat_of_Germany
The President of the Bundesrat () is the speaker or chair of the Bundesrat, which is the upper house of the German parliament.
Each of the ministers president of the federal "Länder" (states) acts as the president of the Bundesrat for one year.
President of the Bundesrat can also acts as deputy to the Federal President if the Federal President is out of Germany or not able to act because of illness etc. If the Federal President dies or is removed from office the President of the Bundestag will act as President until a new president is elected, which must be within within thirty days.
Election.
The President of the Bundesrat usually is elected on the 1 November in one year, and serves until the 31 October in the next year. The Basic Law says, in Article 52.1, that "the Bundesrat elects its President for one year". However, in practice the presidency rotates among all Länder equally, in accordance with a predetermined order. The order changes sometimes, because the it depends on each state's population.

Tigranakert
Tigranakert (Armenian: Տիգրանակերտ, transliterated "Tigranakert" and also spelled "Dikranagerd" in Western Armenian; Latin Tigranocerta) was a city near present-day Silvan, Turkey, east of Diyarbakır. It was founded by the Armenian Emperor Tigranes the Great in the 1st century BC. Tigranakert was founded as the new capital of the Armenian Empire in order to be in a more central position within the boundaries of the expanding empire.

Crazy_in_Love
"Crazy in Love" is an R&B/funk song written by Beyoncé Knowles, producer Rich Harrison, rapper Jay-Z, and Eugene Record. Released as the first single from Beyoncé's debut album "Dangerously in Love" in mid 2003 (see 2003 in music), it reached number one in the United States and United Kingdom and the top ten on the majority of charts it entered across the world. The song contains a prominent horn sample from The Chi-Lites' 1970 "Are You My Woman (Tell Me So)", and serves as the song's hook. Its success established Knowles as a leading solo performer following several years as a member of the band Destiny's Child.
Music video.
The music video (released in May 2003) was filmed by Jake Nava and does not have a story. The opening scene begins with Knowles wearing a tank top, shorts, and red high-heels. She performs an dance on a riser. The scene shifts to a gold set detailing a mock photo shoot, before moving into a scene with dancers detailing Knowles and dancing against a wall while wearing caps and full length pants. In a controversial sequence, the video then shifts into its next scene, which shows a helpless Beyoncé struggling inside a car. She is apparently unaware that there is a trail of gasoline outside of the car, which Jay-Z ignites, causing the car to explode.
Knowles does not appear injured; next, she is dancing to Jay-Z's solo rap in an exotic silk print over a fur coat, and decides to kick a fire hydrant. She continues to dance whilst the water is flying all over the place. The video ends with Knowles and her dancers in front of a giant fan in vibrant dresses in contrast to the more neutral colors of the background.

1972_Pacific_hurricane_season
The 1972 Pacific hurricane season began on May 15, 1972 in the east Pacific, and on June 1, 1972 in the central Pacific. It ended on November 30, 1972. These dates conventionally delimit the period of time when tropical cyclones form in the east Pacific Ocean.
This season had a below average number of storms. There were twelve tropical cyclones. Of those, four were tropical storms, eight were hurricanes, and four were major hurricanes that reached Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. In the central Pacific, two tropical storms and two tropical depressions formed. One of the depressions and one of the storms crossed the dateline to become typhoons.

Video_CD
A Video CD or VCD is a CD that contains a movie instead of music or a computer program. It is the "little brother" of the DVD.
Differences.
Since a DVD can store ten times as much information as a VCD, the quality of a VCD is not as high as that of a DVD, yet is ten times cheaper to make. The quality of the picture is about as good as a normal TV with a simple antenna.
History.
VCD's were invented by Philips and Sony just like the CD, but then never became very popular in the Western world, which switched from VHS tapes directly to the DVD. However, in Asia and in other developing countries the VCD is popular, since a DVD player is also much more expensive than a VCD player.
Uses.
A VCD movie is stored in the popular MPEG (.MPG) format, that is also often used to download movies from the internet. But if a VCD disk is put in a computer, there is a file with a.MPG after the name, and many other files. This is because the movie is actually in a file (or files) that has.DAT after the name. This file can be played with Windows Media Player (or any other player that can play a.MPG movie), one does not need special software because the file is actually just a.MPG movie with a.DAT end of the name instead of.MPG. There are also many programs that exist to make it possible to play a VCD on a PC.

I_Got_That
"I Got That" is a single by rapper Amil featuring Beyoncé Knowles of Destiny's Child. It was the first single by Beyoncé and also it is currently the last solo single by Amil. Eve makes a cameo appearance in the video.

ARD_(broadcaster)
ARD is a public broadcaster in Germany. The name is an abbreviation. It stands for "Arbeitsgemeinschaft der öffentlich-rechtlichen Rundfunkanstalten der Bundesrepublik Deutschland". This can be translated as "Consortium of public-law broadcasting institutions of the Federal Republic of Germany". The company is made of different regional broadcasters. It provides one of the two (publicly-funded) television programmes in Germany, amongst other programmes. The other publicly funded TV program is called Zweites Deutsches Fernsehen (ZDF, in short).
It was founded in West Germany in 1950. It was made for common interests of the new, de-centralized post-war broadcasting services - in particular, the introduction of a joint television network.
ARD is made of the follwing regional broadcasters: BR, HR, MDR, NDR, Radio Bremen, RBB, SR, SWR, and WDR, as well as international broadcaster Deutsche Welle
They make a total of 54 regional and local radio stations and networks, two nationwide radio channels, and seven regional TV networks. During certain parts of the day some of these split even further.

Fabaceae
Fabaceae is the systematic name of plant family, commonly known as Pea family, consisting in three subgroups namely, Caesalpinioideae, Mimosoideae and Papilionoideae (or better Faboideae). In the modern systems like as APG II circumscription this family Fabaceae is close related to quillaja Quillajaceae, and Polygalaceae or milkworts (including the families Diclidantheraceae, Moutabeaceae, and Xanthophyllaceae), and Surianaceae.
Description.
The leaves are usually alternate and compound, in the Mimosoideae and the Caesalpinioideae commonly bipinnate (e.g. "Acacia", "Mimosa"). In many species the leaves have structures evolved to attract ants, that, being predatory, protect the plant from herbivore insects. Extrafloral nectaries -a gland secreting nectar -are common among the Mimosoideae and the Caesalpinioideae and are also found in some Faboideae (e.g. vetches "Vicia sativa"). Fabaceae are typically entomophilous plants (i.e. they are pollinated by insects) and the flower are usually showy to attract the pollinators.
In the Mimosoideae the flowers are radial symmetric or actinomorphic. In the Caesalpinioideae and Faboideae (see diagram) are most often zygomorphic or bilateral in simmetry.
Other sites.
Caesalpinioideae: Senna (herb)
Papilionoideae: Broom (shrub)

Totalitarianism
Totalitarianism is a word used to describe modern regimes (political systems) where the government controls every part of public and private behavior, including the way that people think. It involves extreme collectivization (that of the mind included) and the personal becomes the political. This idea was mainly used in The Soviet Union.
It often involves mass participation in events such as parades or rallies.

Giuseppe_Piazzi
Giuseppe Piazzi (July 7, 1746 – July 22, 1826) was an Italian astronomer who was famous for discovering the asteriod, now dwarf planet "Ceres".

.ml
.ml is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Mali.

Aquarium_(group)
Aquarium (Аква́риум in Russian) is a Russian rock group, formed in Leningrad in 1972 by Boris Grebenshchikov and Anatoly "George" Gunitsky.
Until 1987 Aquarium recorded all of their albums in a self-assembled underground studio. Despite those hard conditions, the recording quality was rather high and Aquarium's albums between 1980 and 1987 are considered by most fans as their best.
In 1987 they recorded their first album for the state-owned Melodiya record label. With official backing and legalized distribution the album was a hit in USSR, selling well over a million copies within a few months. Aquarium today consists of Boris Grebenshchikov, Boris Rubekin (keyboards), Andrey Surotdinov (violin), Igor Timofeyev (guitars, saxophones and flutes), Andrey Svetlov (bass), Oleg "Shar" Shavkunov (drums and percussion).

Hydrostatic_equilibrium
Hydrostatic equilibrium happens when the pull of gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction. The balance of these two forces is known as the hydrostatic balance.

Ripon
Ripon is a small cathedral city in North Yorkshire, England. In the 2001 census Ripon had a population of 15,922. In England only Wells, Ely and the City of London are smaller.
Ripon was one of the boroughs reformed by the Municipal Corporations Act 1835. It stayed a borough in the West Riding of Yorkshire until 1974. Under the Local Government Act 1972 it became a parish in the borough of Harrogate, North Yorkshire. Because it is an urban (town) parish Ripon can call its parish council Ripon City Council, the chairman of its parish council is called the City Mayor.

Ub_Iwerks
Ubbe Ert Iwwerks (March 24, 1901 - July 7, 1971), better known as Ub Iwerks, was an American animator. He is best known for creating Mickey Mouse, together with Walt Disney.
Ub Iwerks was born in 1901 in Kansas City. His father Eert Ubbe was a immigrant from Germany. In 1919 he met Walt Disney the first time. Some months later, Disney founded his first studio. Ub Iwerks was his first artist, and at this time the only one. Iwerks was called "the fastest animator" of Hollywood, because he could drew more than 700 pictures a day. In fact, he finished the first Mickey Mouse cartoon which was produced in just two weeks.
Disney, the man with money and Iwerks, the man with talent, had often differences. As a result of this differences, Iwerks left Disney in 1930 and founded his own studio. It closed in 1936, after that, Iwerks worked some months for Columbia Pictures, in 1940 he went back to Walt Disney. He did not draw anymore, but became the head of the "Special Processes Department". There he invented the Multiplane camera. For this camera he was awarded in 1960 with a special Oscar.
At the end of his life, Ub Iwerks worked for popular directors, like Alfred Hitchcock, too. In 1963 he was nominated for his work on "The Birds" for a second Oscar.
Ub Iwerks died at age 70 in Burbank, California. His sons Don Iwerks and David Iwerks worked for Disney, too. Ub's great grandson, Michael Iwerks, works at Disney also

P-38_Lightning
The P-38 Lightning is a World War II fighter aircraft made by Lockheed. It was mainly used by the United States Air Force. It first flew in 1939. It was different from other fighters because it had two engines instead of one, and was twice the size of other fighters. The plane fought in the Pacific and in Europe. It could carry 4 machine guns and a cannon. By 1944, it was replaced by the faster P-51 Mustang in Europe. The P-38 was the only American fighter being built at the beginning and the end of the war.

Charter_Trustees
Charter Trustees are the English district councillors for an area that used to be a city.
They are allowed by the "Charter Trustees Act 1985", so that some of the privileges and dignities of former city can be carried on..

1921_New_York_Yankees_season
The New York Yankees during 1921 (the 1921 season) was the 19th season for the Yankees in New York, and overall it was their 21th season. The season ended in the team having a record (the number of wins and losses) of 98-55 (98 wins, 55 losses). This was the first pennant won in Yankees history. They won the American League game pennant, replacing the previous winners, Cleveland Indians. The manager of their team was Miller Huggins. The Yankees home games were played on the Polo Grounds.

Extrusive
Extrusive means to the mode of igneous volcanic rock formation in which hot magma from inside the Earth flows out (extrudes) onto the surface as lava or explodes violently into the atmosphere to fall back as pyroclastics or tuff. This is opposed to intrusive rock formation, in which magma does not reach the surface.

Pistol
A pistol is a type of gun that is small and can be used with only one hand. Many pistols are used for defending yourself. They are usually smaller and lighter than most guns, like rifles, which makes them useful for hiding and carrying around. They also have shorter barrels.
Pistols usually only fire one shot every time you pull the trigger. Some special pistols, called machine pistols, can fire more than one at a time. Some famous pistols are the Colt M1911 and the Beretta 92.
Pistols were commonly used in the western United States during the 1800s.

Regierender_Bürgermeister
The Regierender Bürgermeister () of Berlin is the head of government of the city.
The Governing Mayor is the equivalent of the Minister President of the bigger States of Germany.
The Regierender Bürgermeister is elected by the Abgeordentenhaus (). He then appoints up to eight Senators. The Senators are ministers in charge of the departments of the city government. Two of the senators are also Mayors. The Mayors are the deputies of the Governing Mayor.

Lady_Katherine_Grey
Lady Katherine Grey (August 1540 - January 26, 1568) was the sister to Lady Jane Grey and Lady Mary Grey. Her mother was Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey, who were Marquess and Marchioness of Dorset and later Duke and Duchess of Suffolk. Her sisters were Lady Jane Grey and Lady Mary Grey.
Biography.
Katherine (also spelled Catherine) was born in 1540 to Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey. Her parents were disappointed that she was a girl. However, Frances treated Katherine better than she treated her sister Lady Jane Grey. Little is known about Katherine's early life before 1550.
Katherine was married at the age of twelve to Henry Herbert in May of 1553. It was the same day her older sister Jane Grey was married to Guildford Dudley. Katherine's sister Jane was queen of England for nine days before Mary I became queen. Because of this, Katherine's marriage to Herbert was annulled (or divorce).
Appearance and personality.
Like her sister, Katherine was considered very beautiful. However, Katherine was considered even more beautiful. She was a little short, but she had a delicate appearance. She had shining red-gold hair and her grandmother Mary Tudor's blue eyes. She also had white skin and no freckles, unlike her sister Lady Jane Grey.
Unlike her sister Jane, Katherine was not as smart and didn't like her studies as much. She preferred playing with her pet dogs and birds.
Later life.
Katherine said that her life at Queen Mary's court was the best time of her life. She met her future husband during these years and received money from Mary every year. Mary's sister, Elizabeth, did not like Katherine much. She distrusted her and did not wish to see her married. Katherine had other plans.
In December 1560, she married Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford without Elizabeth I's permission. They planned to keep it a secret for a long time. However, Katherine became pregnant quickly and by July of the next year, she could not hold her secret any longer. She first tried to get help from Bess of Hardwick, but Bess screamed at Katherine and made her go away. Then she went to see Elizabeth's great favorite, Robert Dudley. He listened to Katherine but promised nothing. The next day he told Elizabeth everything. Elizabeth was angry with this and put both Edward and Katherine in prison. She gave birth to a son in the Tower of London. The child's name was Edward.
Later, she gave birth to another son, also in the Tower of London. This made Elizabeth even more angry since she was not supposed to see Edward. The couple would not see each other again after the birth. Katherine soon got tuberculosis and died in January of 1568 and is buried in Cockfield Chapel.

Cubic_centimetre
A cubic centimetre (symbol cm³ or cc) (U.S. spelling: cubic centimeter) is a commonly used unit of volume extending the derived SI-unit cubic metre and corresponds to the volume of a cube measuring 1 cm × 1 cm × 1 cm. One cubic centimetre corresponds to a volume of of a cubic metre, or of a litre; therefore, 1 cm³ = 1 mL. In many scientific fields, the use of cubic centimetres has been replaced by the millilitre. The medical and automotive fields are two of the few fields wherein the term cubic centimetre was never discontinued in the United States. In the United Kingdom millilitres are used in preference to cubic centimetres in the medical field.
One cubic centimetre of water is equal to 1 gram.

Commedia_dell'_arte
Commedia dell' arte is a form of comedy. It was first done in theatres in Italy. It was done with a standard set of characters (like a doctor, or a priest). Usually it was played in the open, and free to watch. Usually, the players followed no script. it was popular between the 16th and 18th century.

Surface_gravity
The surface gravity, "g", of an astronomical or other object is the gravitational acceleration experienced at its surface. The surface gravity may be thought of as the acceleration caused by the gravity experienced by a hypothetical test particle which is very close to the object's surface and which, in order not to disturb the system, has negligible mass.
Surface gravity is measured in units of acceleration, which, in the SI system, are meters per second squared. It may also be described as a multiple of the Earth's gravity, "g" = 9.80665 m/s2. In astrophysics, the surface gravity may be expressed as log "g", which is obtained by first expressing the gravity in cgs units, where the unit of acceleration is centimeters per second squared, and then taking the base 10 logarithm.

Balkan_Mountains
The Balkan mountain range (Bulgarian and Serbian: Стара планина, "Stara planina", "Old Mountain") is an extension of the Carpathian mountain range, separated from it by the Danube River.
The Balkan range runs 560 km from eastern Serbia eastward through central Bulgaria to Cape Emine on the Black Sea.
The highest peak on the Balkan peninsula is Musala in the Rila mountains near Sofia (Rila range), with 2,925 m, closely followed by Mount Olympus in Greece and Vihren (Pirin range).
The highest peaks of the Stara planina itself are in central Bulgaria. The highest peak is Botev (2,376 m), located in the Central Balkan National Park (established 1991).

Hameln
Hameln (English name sometimes "Hamelin") is a city in Germany. In 2005, about 58.000 peolple lived there. A very well-known story from there is called The Pied Piper of Hamelin ("Der Rattenfänger von Hameln"). The story dates from the Middle Ages.

Julian_day
The Julian day or Julian day number (JDN) is the number of days that have passed since the initial epoch defined as noon Universal Time (UT) Monday, January 1, 4713 BC in the Julian calendar. That noon-to-noon day is counted as Julian day 0. Thus the multiples of 7 are Mondays. Negative values can also be used, although those predate all recorded history.
Now at the JDN is. The remainder of this value divided by 7 is, an integer expression for the day of the week with 0 representing Monday.
The Julian date (JD) is a continuous count of days and fractions elapsed since the same initial epoch. Currently the JD is. The integral part (its floor) gives the Julian day number. The fractional part gives the time of day since noon UT as a decimal fraction of one day or fractional day, with 0.5 representing midnight UT. Typically, a 64-bit floating point (double precision) variable can represent an epoch expressed as a Julian date to about 1 millisecond precision.
A Julian date of 2454115.05486 means that the date and Universal Time is Sunday 14 January 2007 at 13:18:59.9.
0.1 = 2.4 hours or 144 minutes or 8640 seconds
0.01 = 0.24 hours or 14.4 minutes or 864 seconds
0.001 = 0.024 hours or 1.44 minutes or 86.4 seconds
0.0001 = 0.0024 hours or 0.144 minutes or 8.64 seconds
0.00001 = 0.00024 hours or 0.0144 minutes or 0.864 seconds.
Almost 2.5 million Julian days have elapsed since the initial epoch. JDN 2,400,000 was November 16, 1858. JD 2,500,000.0 will occur on August 31, 2132 at noon UT.
The Julian day number can be considered a very simple calendar, where its calendar date is just an integer. This is useful for reference, computations, and conversions. It allows the time between any two dates in history to be computed by simple subtraction.
The Julian day system was introduced by astronomers to provide a single system of dates that could be used when working with different calendars and to unify different historical chronologies. Apart from the choice of the zero point and name, this Julian day and Julian date are not directly related to the Julian calendar, although it is possible to convert any date from one calendar to the other.

Mike_Gravel
Maurice Robert Gravel, better know as Mike Gravel (born May 13, 1930 in Springfield, Massachusetts) is an American politician, a member of the Democratic Party. He served as a United States Senator from Alaska (1969-1981) and, previously, as member of the Alaska House of Representatives (1953-1966, speaker from 1965-1966). He is currently a candidate for the Democratic Presidential nomination in 2008.
Gravel is primarily know for his successful effort to end military draft during the Vietnam War and put the Pentagon Papers into the public record in 1971.
Currently as a Presidential candidate he is advocating imminent withdrawal of US Armed Forces from Iraq, expanding of the health care, and social security, preventing global warming. He is also one of the earliest and the most prominent advocates of direct democracy in the United States.

Orbital_speed
The orbital speed of a body, usually a planet, a natural satellite, an artificial satellite, or a multiple star, is the speed at which it orbits around the barycenter of a system, usually around a more massive body. It can be used to refer to either the mean orbital speed, the average speed as it completes an orbit, or instantaneous orbital speed, the speed at a particular point in its orbit.
The orbital speed at any position in the orbit can be computed from the distance to the central body at that position, and the specific orbital energy, which is independent of position: the kinetic energy is the total energy minus the potential energy.

Dolores_Hope
Dolores Hope (born May 27, 1909) is an American singer. She was married to Bob Hope (1903-2003), a famous British-born actor and entertainer, who was awarded with five Oscars.
Dolores Hope was born Dolores DeFina on May 27 in New York City. She began her career in the 1930s. In 1933, she met Bob Hope the first time in a Manhattan nightclub. They married in 1934. The couple adopted four children: Eleanora, Anthony, Linda and Kelly.
She and her husband entertained U.S. troops since the 1940s. Dolores Hope did this job over the time of a half century until the 1990s. In 1990, she was the only female entertainer who could be at Saudi Arabia.
She was often awarded for her work, for example with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and seven honorary Doctorates. A street was named after Dolores Hope in the Bronx.
She was with her husband as he turned 100. Shortly after, and 69 years after their marriage, Bob Hope died in summer of 2003 at age 100. On May 27, 2008, Dolores Hope celebrated her 99th birthday. Despite her high age, she is thought to be in good health.

House_of_Windsor
The House of Windsor is the current Royal House of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and each of the other Commonwealth realms. The older part is a branch of the Saxe-Coburg and Gotha line of the House of Wettin, while the newer part is a branch of the Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg line of the House of Oldenburg.
Descendants of Victoria.
Queen Victoria married Prince Albert, son of Duke Ernst I of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Therefore her descendants are members of the ducal family of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha with the house name of Wettin. Victoria's son Edward VII and his son George V reigned as members of this house. But during World War I there was a lot of hatred of anything German. A lot of this feeling was stirred up by newspapers. People with German names were beaten up, and shops with German names had their windows broken. Even the Royal Family were accused of supporting Germany. On 17 July 1917 George V ordered the Royal Family to give up their German titles, and change German-sounding titles and house names for English-sounding versions. Prince Louis Battenberg became Lord Louis Mountbatten. The Duke of Teck became the Marquis of Milford Haven and the name of the royal house, and the royal surname was changed to Windsor, after the town of Windsor and Windsor Castle.
When he heard about the change of name, German Emperor William II joked that he wanted to see Shakespeare's play "The Merry Wives of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha".
Descendants of Elizabeth II.
In April 1952, Queen Elizabeth II said that her descendants will keep name and House of Windsor, the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg through their father, born Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark, a line of the House of Oldenburg.
On 8 February 1960, the Queen decided instead to keep the House and Family of Windsor but that their personal surname is "Mountbatten-Windsor". Mountbatten is the surname adopted by Prince Philip before his marriage, an anglicization of his mother's family name of Battenberg.

Bad_Kissingen
Bad Kissingen is a city in Bavaria, in the country of Germany. About 21,000 people live there.
History.
It was first mentioned in 801 C.E. It is a "spa town", a place where people go to rest and relax. The well that is the source of the spa was first mentioned in 823 C.E.

António_de_Oliveira_Salazar
António de Oliveira Salazar called a dictator by some people and a Statesman by others was perhaps the only politician in modern Portuguese history to stir passions years after his passing away.An academic, Dr Salazar was a Professor of Economics and perhaps the most educated and urbane European leader of the time.
Following a military revolution in 1926 which overthrew a civilian government of squabbling politicians and a country close to penury Dr. Salazar was invited to put right the finances of what was then a failed state, Dr Salazar was Finance Minister for 13 days, resigned in disgust over interfering politicians and soldiers and went back to his university. He was again persuaded to take over as Finance Minister in 1928 which he did conditionally on an assurance of greated powers for himself and minimal interference from the government. Salazar continued as minister until 1932 and was widely credited with turning the flagging economy around.
Dr Salazar was Prime Minister from 1932 until 1968.
He ruled Portugal for almost 40 years, managing to keep Portugal away from the Second World War and preventing also a Spanish invasion by keeping friends on both sides. Salazar died in 1970. Often called a fascist by his opponents, Dr Salazar's regime was instrumental in issuing Portuguese nationality documents to thousands of fleeing Jews though Europe and ultimately through Portugal a boarding point for the ultimate flight to North America.Unfortunately Dr Salazar's contribution to this humanitarian cause was never acknowledged as this activity had to be toned down & wound up in the later years of the war. Embassy staff in Europe particularly in Vichy France some say for reasons other than just humanitarian turned a limited covert operation into a massive flood, provoking a angry rumble from a powerful Germany. Ironically some such embassy officials are feted to this day as the valiant individuals who helped the desperate Jews.
A little known fact is that Salazar's Portugal was the only European nation at the time to have non white people at all levels of administration and judiciary. Dark skinned people termed "colonial subjects" in other colonial empires were accorded full civil status by Portugal. It was the only State anywhere in the western world to have non European Members of Parliament. This status was however not universally available to the Blacks of the African territories i.e. those who were not "assimilados" (literately translated to "assimilated")which meant those Africans who had not given up their tribal customs nor reached minimum educational standards.Roughly 4% of the African populace was considered "assimilado" whilst in the overseas colonies of Cape Verde,India and China 100% were considered assimilados even though in the latter two territories, people were not largely of the Roman Catholic faith nor did most speak the Portuguese language.
In the mid sixties Portugal and its colonies found themselves in the front line of the Cold war, with a proxy war which drained Portugal of its resources. Salazar was blamed for a War he had no control over and the consequent impoverishment of his country. Thousands from mainland Portugal fled into neighbouring European countries particularly France to avoid the military draft and the war in africa. Most took up menial jobs and were a convinient source of low cost labour in Europe. This expatriate segment of society got increasingly empowered after a Military coup overthrew the government of Salazar's successor Marcello Caetano in 1974. Many returned to Portugal to become next generation Politicians.
The the term "fascist regime" probably stems from a attempt by this sizable group to demonize the fallen regime and justify their flight from a country at war.
Salazar is still loved by some of the people of Portugal today, and was voted the greatest Portuguese man of all time. Apologists say that it was more as a way of showing frustration with the current political events and politicians in Portugal than actually a true devotion.A great segment of the Portuguese people though may beg to differ.

Peloponnesian_War
The Peloponnesian War (431–404 BC) was an Ancient Greek military conflict, fought by Athens and its allies against the "Peloponnesian League", led by Sparta. Sparta eventually won the Pelopennesian War.

House_of_Wettin
The House of Wettin was a dynasty of German counts, dukes, prince-electors (Kurfürsten) and kings that ruled in what is known today as the German states of Saxony and Thuringia for more than 800 years. Members of the Wettin family were also kings of Poland, as well as forming the ruling houses of Great Britain, Portugal, Bulgaria, Poland, Saxony, and Belgium. Today only the British and Belgian lines still rule their countries, but the last Tsar of Bulgaria, Simeon II, was Prime Minister of Bulgaria between 2001 and 2005. Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha is the only ex-king who has ever returned to his country as an elected leader.
Origins: Wettins of Saxony.
The oldest known member of the House of Wettin was Thiedericus (died 982). Around 1000, as part of the German conquest of Slavic territory, the family got Wettin Castle and changed their name. It was usual for noblemen to change their name to the name of their territory. Wettin Castle is located in Wettin, Saxony-Anhalt in the Hosgau on the Saale River.
Branches of the House of Wettin.
The House split into two main branches, the Ernestine and the Albertine. The descendants of Ernest often subdivided their land and ended up with a lot of small duchies, but one (Saxe-Coburg and Gotha) became very important. Ernest's younger brother was Albert. His descendants became Electors of Saxony, and in 1806, Kings of Saxony
The House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
and also husbands of the queens of
The wife of the Emperor of Mexico (Carlota of Mexico) was also a member of the house of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. As such, the British, Portuguese, and for a time, Mexican, thrones became a possession of persons who belonged to the House of Wettin.
During World War I the British Royal Family changed the name as well as their personal surnames to "Windsor" by an Order-in-Council of King George V. The Kings of Belgiums now do not use the Saxe-Coburg and Gotha name, but have never offially changed it.

Document
A document ("noun") is a piece of information that one can use for communicating something. In most of the cases it is a paper, that contains information in the form of ink marks. But nowadays documents can be digital as well.
To document ("verb") means to produce an object by collecting and representing information.
Document life cycle management technology.
Technology to manage documents has developed with documents themselves. Of particular importances are practices concerning the preservation, archival, destruction and management of documents. These together are called the "document life cycle"

Microphone
A microphone, sometimes referred to as a mike or mic (both IPA pronunciation:), converts sound into an electrical signal.
Microphones are used in many applications such as telephones, tape recorders, hearing aids, motion picture production, live and recorded audio engineering, in radio and television broadcasting and in computers for recording voice.

Fjord
Fiard is a type of gulf. Fiards are in Sweden, Denmark, Canada, Finland. In Germany fiards are called fiords.

Laura_Prepon
Laura Prepon (born March 7, 1980) is an American actress, best known for her role as Donna Pinciotti on the Fox television series "That '70s Show" and Hannah Daniels on the ABC television series "October Road".

Espresso
Espresso is a type of coffee that is concentrated. In order to make espresso, coffee beans are powdered and hot water is added under high pressure. This makes espresso have a very strong flavor. Because espresso is so strong, it is usually mixed with other coffee drinks.

Herbaceous_plant
A herbaceous plant is a plant that does not have much wood and its stems are green and soft. These plants grow fast and produce flowers and many seeds in a short period of time.
In Botany, the word for a herbaceous plant is herb (from Latin "herba", "grass") but it is common to use the word herb only for plants that are used in perfumes, medicines and for cooking, even if they are not herbaceous plants.
Herbaceous plants may be annuals, biennials or perennials but most are annuals and die at the end of their growing season (the time when they produce flowers, fruits and seeds), leaving their seeds on the soil; those seeds will produce new plants with good weather. Wheat and pea are annual herbaceous plants.
Biennial and perennial herbaceous plants will live for two or more years but the stems that are in the air will die every year; the underground stems will form the new aerial stems (stems that are above the ground). Underground roots and stems can resist more the bad weather (winter or a very dry season) than leaves and stems that are above the ground. Bulbs are biennal and peonies are perennial herbaceous plants
Most herbaceous plants are small and their stems are not thick because they do not have much wood but there are some cases of big herbaceous plants. Bananas and papaya (a tropical fruit) are herbaceous plants but they looks like trees; papaya has a thick stem but without much wood.
Herbaceous plants are the first plants with flower that come to live in barren lands (lands without plant life) because they are small and produce many seed. They are also found in places where the weather conditions are not good for most plants; they can use the little rain that falls in deserts, and they can get enough heat to grow where the soil is covered with snow and ice most of the year, like in very high mountains.

Teaching_English_as_a_foreign_language
KET.
The easiest exam is the KET. KET means "Key English Test". The KET is the start of the Cambridge exams. The KET tests basic English.
PET.
The PET is more difficult. PET means "Preliminary English Test". People with a PET know some English. They can survive social situations in English. They can also survive work situations in English. But they often find English difficult. They also make many mistakes.
FCE.
The FCE is the most popular of the Cambridge English exams. FCE means "First Certificate in English". The FCE is good for many businesses. People with a FCE can use English. They sometimes find English difficult. Normally they have no problems with English. But they make mistakes.
CAE.
The CAE is a difficult exam. CAE means "Certificate in Advanced English". The CAE is good for many universities. The CAE is also good for many businesses. People with a CAE have no problems working in England or United States of America.
CPE.
The CPE is the most difficult exam. CPE stands for "Certificate of Proficiency in English". People who have a CPE are very good at English. Their English is nearly as good as people who are from England or America. The CPE is good for universities. The CPE is also good for business. Many universities who teach courses in English want a CPE or CAE from foreign-language students.
Business exams.
There are two English exams systems for business. The "Business English Certificate" (BEC) is available at three levels comparable to PET, FCE and CAE above BEC means. The BULATS "Business Language Testing Service" is a single examination which can offer organisations or individuals the opportunity of assessing their current language level.
IELTS.
The IELTS is the International English Language Testing System. This system is from the University of Cambridge, the British Council and IDP Education in Australia. It has one exam for academics or professionals, and one for people who want to live in an English-speaking country. Universities in Britain, Ireland, Australia, South Africa, Canada, New Zealand and New Zealand often want an IELTS exam. IELTS is also becoming popular in North America. The IELTS tests: speaking, listening, writing and reading.
TOEFL.
The TOEFL is a very popular English exam. It is very popular in America. It is also very popular in countries which are friends with America. TOEFL means "Test of English as a Foreign Language". The TOEFL is an academic exam. Many universities in America want a TOEFL exam.
In 2005 a new TOEFL was made. The new TOEFL uses Internet. Its name is "Internet-Based TOEFL" (iBT). The old TOEFLs did not stop. They are called "Computer-Based TOEFL" (CBT) and "Paper-Based TOEFL", but are not now available in all countries.
TOEIC.
The TOEIC is a general English exam. TOEIC means "Test of English for International Communication". The exam has 200 questions. Every question is a multiple choice question. A multiple-choice question is a question where you choose which answer (e.g. a, b, c or d) is correct.
The result of the TOEIC is a number. This number is between 10 and 990. 990 is the best number. The TOEIC number is often used for jobs. Many jobs need a number bigger than 600. Managers often need a number bigger than 800.
LCCIEB.
LCCIEB means "London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examinations Board". The LCCIEB makes many English exams. Many businesses like LCCIEB exams.
EFB.
The EFB means "English for Business". The EFB is a business English exam. It tests basic general English. It also tests more difficult business English.
EFC.
The EFC means "English for Commerce". The EFC is a business English exam. It tests business writing. It also tests business skills. Business skills are ideas how to manage a business. The EFC is more difficult than the EFB.
PBE.
The PBE means "Practical Business English". The PBE is a business English exam. It tests business speaking. It also tests business listening. The PBE is for basic English. People with a PBE can have a basic business conversation.
SEFIC.
The SEFIC means "Spoken English for Industry and Commerce". The SEFIC is a business English exam. It tests business speaking. It is more difficult than the PBE. It tests difficult business speaking. It also tests difficult business listening.
WEFT.
The WEFT means "Written English for Tourism". The WEFT is an English business exam. It tests business speaking. It tests speaking at hotels. It also tests speaking in other parts of tourism. The WEFT also tests listening.
BULATS.
The BULATS means "Business Language Testing Service". The BULATS is a special exams for big companies. The BULATS are made for a company. The BULATS for another company is different.
Pitman.
Pitman exams are made by the City and Guilds Group. There are two important English exams by Pitman.
ESOL.
The ESOL means "English for Speakers of Other Languages". The ESOL tests English at many levels. The ESOL is good for going to many colleges. The "Spoken ESOL" is like the ESOL. But the Spoken ESOL only tests speaking and listening.
EBC.
The EBC means "English for Business Communications". The EBS is a business English exam. There are three levels.
CELS (ARELS/Oxford).
The CELS exams are English exams for people who want to study in England. CELS means "Certificates in Communicative Skills in English". The CELS exam comes from the old ARELS and Oxford exams; now they are Cambridge ESOL exams. The ARELS exam tests speaking and listening. The Oxford exam tests writing and reading. The new name of Arels and Oxford together is CELS.
There are three levels in the CELS exam. "Preliminary" is the easiest exam. "Vantage" is more difficult. "Higher" is the most difficult exam. People who have the CELS are very good at speaking English. These exams are good for universities.
This exam is different from some other exams because learners get one certificate (paper saying how good they are) for each part of the exam. A learner can have a high mark on the speaking certificate but a low one in writing, for example.
Compare exams.
It is very difficult to compare English exams. Every exam is a little different.
In Europe, the ALTE says how different exams compare. The ALTE is the Association of Language Testers in Europe. It has 28 exam makers in it, and compares their exams in 24 languages. The ALTE says what learners can do at every step of learning. Because of this, they say the ALTE list is a "can-do" list. The ALTE list is a simple way to talk about the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEF). The CEF is from the Council of Europe.

F6F_Hellcat
The F6F Hellcat was an American World War II fighter aircraft made by Grumman. It first flew in 1942 and was introduced in 1943. It was supposed to be a little bit better than the F4F Wildcat, but became a big improvement. It was more powerful and could turn better. This was supposed to fight the Japanese A6M Zero. It was able to take off of aircraft carriers. It was also used by the navy as a "night fighter", which means that a radar was put on it so it could fly at night. During the war, it had the most aces fly it. It was retired in 1954.

Dennis_Rader
Dennis Lynn Rader (born March 9, 1945) is an American serial killer. He murdered 10 people near Wichita, Kansas between 1974 and 1991. He was known as the BTK killer (or the BTK strangler). "BTK" stand for Bind, Torture and Kill. He was named this because that was what he did to the people he killed. Letters were written soon after the killings and sent to police and to local news outlets. They talked about the crimes. The letters had information which only the killer and police knew about the crimes. The letters stopped being sent for a long time. In 2004, they started being sent again. This led to him being located in 2005 and found guilty of the murders. Rader was sentenced to at least 175 year behind bars which means he will never get out of prison.

Mammaliaformes
Mammaliaformes is clade that contains the mammals and their closest extinct relatives. Some other groups are also good candidates. Personally speaking, I'm inclined to think of them as basal mammals.

Clarence_E._Anderson
Clarence E. "Bud" Anderson was born January 13, 1922 in Oakland, California. He was a fighter pilot in the United States Air Force. He joined the Air Force in 1942. During World War II, he flew a P-51 Mustang named "Old Crow". He had 16 kills, and was a triple ace. At the end of World War II, he was a captain. He flew an F-105 Thunderchief in the Vietnam War. He retired from the Air Force in 1972. He was also a test pilot.

Louis_Durey
Louis Durey (born Paris, 27 May 1888; died Saint-Tropez, France, 3 July 1979) was a French composer. He was the oldest, but probably the least well-known of the six composers who are called Les Six.
Louis Durey was the son of a businessman. He had no idea that he wanted to be a composer until he heard the opera Pélléas et Mélisande by Claude Debussy. He was then already 19 years old. He taught himself how to compose.
Durey became a member of the group called Les Six in 1920. However, he did not take part in the music they wrote together in 1921 called "Les Mariés de la Tour Eiffel". This made Jean Cocteau very annoyed.
Durey became interested in left-wing politics and later joined the Communist Party. During the years of the Nazi occupation of World War II, he worked with the French Resistance and wrote anti-Fascist songs. After the war he had strong Communist ideas. This made it difficult for him to be successful in the world of music.
In 1950 he got the job of music critic for a communist newspaper in Paris.
He wrote a lot of music during his life, but there were many years when he wrote nothing. He composed songs, chamber music and choral works.
Louis Durey died at Saint-Tropez, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.

Electric_potential
Difference in electric potential is also known as voltage or electric potential energy difference. The unit for electric potential is the volt, in memory of Alessandro Volta. Electric potential is like a push. Electrons are pushed through a wire by the voltage.
A good analogy is water in a river. The water is like electrons flowing. When the river goes over a waterfall, the water drops and loses energy. When the electrons go through a circuit or wire they "drop" in voltage and lose energy.

Arbil
Arbil (also written Erbil or Irbil) is an Iraqi city and the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan. In Kurdish, the city is called "Hewlêr". 990,000 people live there, mostly Kurds and Arabs. The city is 80 kilometers east of Mosul.

Francis_Poulenc
Francis Poulenc (born Paris, 7 January 1899; died Paris, 30 January 1963) was a French composer. He was one of the group of six composers who became known as Les Six. He composed music in many different forms: song, chamber music, oratorio, opera, ballet music and orchestral music. His music is easy to like at first hearing: it is much simpler than the music of many other composers who were writing modern music at the time. At first the music critics did not think he was a serious composer, but later people realized the importance of his music. He is the greatest writer of French song (mélodie) since Fauré.
Early life.
Poulenc came from a wealthy family. His father had a large pharmaceutical business. His mother, an amateur pianist, taught him to play the piano. The Catholic faith was important to him, as well as the artistic life. These two influences shaped his personality. The music critic Claude Rostand said that Poulenc was “something like a monk but also a rascal.
Poulenc wanted to study music at the Paris Conservatoire after his school years, but the death of both his parents changed his plans. He had lessons from Ricardo Viñes who was a great teacher for him and helped him develop as a person. Poulenc wrote his first compositions for his teacher. He met many famous people including the composers Satie, Auric and Falla and writers such as Apollinaire. He started to get his works performed, and Stravinsky helped him to get them published in London. He continued to compose while he was doing his military service, and became a member of Les Six. These six composers did not all compose in the same way, but they were good friends.
Poulenc felt that he needed more lessons and he studied with Charles Koechlin. He was asked by Diaghilev to write ballet music for "Les Biches". He composed his "Concerto for Two Pianos" and the "Organ Concerto". He was very upset by the death of Raymonde Linossier who was the only woman he ever wanted to marry. Poulenc was becoming aware that he was gay. He had a lot of emotional problems with big changes of mood.
His friendship with the singer Pierre Barnac was a great help to him professionally. Barnac was a baritone. Poulenc composed about 90 songs for him. They gave many concerts together.
Poulenc spent some periods of his life composing and other periods performing. He made a series of broadcasts on French radio. He composed a great deal of music during the 1950s. He died suddenly of a heart attack in 1963.
His music.
Poulenc was an excellent pianist and he wrote a lot of music for the piano, especially during the 1930s. He liked to create blurred effects by using the sustaining pedal a lot. Some of his best piano writing is in the accompaniment to his songs.
Poulenc’s early chamber music often uses jazz ideas. He wrote several sonatas for various instruments. He liked writing for wind instruments. His "Piano Sextet" is for piano and five wind instruments.
He wrote several works for orchestra as well as music for the stage and choral music. His "Gloria" is often performed by choirs. Children like his "Story of Babar the Elephant". It is for a storyteller and piano. Jean Françaix made an arrangement for an orchestra.

Arbil_Province
Arbil (Arabic:أربيل, Kurdish: هه‌ولێر Hewlêr; also written Erbil or Irbil) is a province in north of Iraq. The area 14,428 km² and 1,425,000 people live in the province.

Dhi_Qar_Province
Dhi Qar (Arabic: ذي قار) is a province in south east of Iraq, with an area of 12,900 km². The capital is An Nasiriyah and 1,454,200 people live in the province.

Provinces_of_Iraq
Iraq is divided into 18 provinces ("muhafazah").

Wasit_Province
Wasit (Arabic: واسط) is a province in east of Iraq. The capital is Al Kut. "Wasit" is an Arabic word meaning "middle" as it lies along Tigris about midway between Baghdad and Basra.

Australosphenida
Australophenida are a clade of mammals which has nearly entirely died out. Today, living specimen exist only in Australia and New Guinea with only five surviving species species, but fossils have been in Madagascar and Argentina. Species consist are of the platypus and echidnas.

Mount_Silverthrone
Mount Silverthrone is a 20 km wide, deeply dissected caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia, Canada. Most of its eruptions occurred during the last ice age and the products have since been heavily eroded. It is the highest peak in the Ha-Iltzuk Icefield, which is the largest icefield in the Coast Mountains south of the Alaska Panhandle.

Helen_Keller
Helen Keller was an American writer and speaker. She was born in Tuscumbia, Alabama in 1880. When she was eighteen months old she became sick and lost her eyesight and hearing.
When Helen was seven years old, her family decided to find a teacher for her. They wrote to Michael Anegnos, who was the director of the Perkins Institute and Asylum for the Blind. They asked him to help them find a teacher for their daughter. He wrote to them and told them that he knew a young teacher and her name was Anne Sullivan. Anne traveled to Alabama to live with Helen’s family and to teach her. Anne went to live with the Keller family in March, 1887.
Anne helped Helen to learn how to communicate with other people. She taught her the names of things by writing the words on Helen’s hand. In 1890, Helen’s family sent her to the Perkins Institute to learn how to speak and communicate. When she was nineteen years old, Helen went to Radcliffe College in Massachusetts. She graduated from Radcliffe in 1904. She was the first deaf and blind person to obtain a Bachelors of Arts degree.
In 1903, Helen wrote a book about her life. It was called "The Story of My Life". She wrote twelve other books. Some of them became movies, like The Miracle Worker, made in 1962. She tried to help poor people and other blind people during her life. Helen traveled to over 39 countries with Anne to talk about her life and experiences. She also wrote a book about Annie Sullivan called "Teacher". Helen Keller died on June 1, 1968, at Arcan Ridge in Connecticut.

Donner_kebab
The doner kebab (or "donner kebab", but seldom "döner") kebab with salad and sauce is a very popular dish in the United Kingdom.
The usual kebab supplier (or "kebab shops") in the UK will offer hot chilli sauce and garlic yoghurt-style sauce. In different areas of the UK barbecue sauce, burger sauce, lemon juice, or a mint sauce similar to raita is also popular.
UK "doner kebab" often uses a different mixture of spices, because immigrants from Cyprus operate a major proportion of the takeaways. Menus typically offer doner, shish (lamb and chicken) and kofte kebabs, with a 'special' including portions of each with bread and chips. "Doner meat" is often also offered as a pizza or burger topping in such establishments.
The part of the animal used to produce the meat is not generally made clear; consequently, there are a lot of myths and jokes flying around as to the source.

Taylor_Horn
Taylor Ashley Horn (born October 12, 1992) is an American pop singer-songwriter and actress. To date, she has released two albums, one EP and a single. She has worked with Grammy Award winning songwriter Don Rollins on her third album "Changes" and was a subject of interest in the British documentary, "Britney's Redneck Roots" about fellow pop singer and Kentwood, Louisiana resident, Britney Spears. She also played Lilly Rose Walker in a made-for-television movie for PBS titled "Artists in the Forest" in 2004, although the movie never aired.

Coelacanth
A Coelacanth is a fish that lives in the Indian Ocean. Coelacanths are very rare. Coelacanths are also found as fossils as old as some dinosaurs.
Characteristics.
The Coelacanth is the only living example of the fossil Coelacanth fishes. They are also the closest link between fish and the first amphibian creatures which made the transition from sea to land in the Devonian period (408-362 Million Years Ago). That such a creature could have existed for so long is nearly incredible, but some say that the cold depths of the West Indian ocean at which the Coelacanth thrives, and the small number of predators it has, may have helped the species survive eons of change.
Discovery.
The Coelacanth was first discovered in 1938 by Marjorie Courtenay Latimer, the curator of a small museum in the port town of East London, as she was visiting a fisherman who would let her search through his boat's catch for interesting specimens.

Prose
Prose is writing without regular rhythm and is very similar to everyday communication. That makes the most important difference to poetry.
The word prose comes from the Latin "prosa", meaning straightforward, hence the term "prosaic," which is often seen as negative. Prose writing is usually adopted for the description of facts or the discussion of whatever one's thoughts are, incorporated in free flowing speech. It may be used for newspapers, caper stories, magazines, encyclopedias, broadcast media, movies, letters, debtor's notes, famous quotes, murder mystery, history, philosophy, biography, linguistic geography and many other forms of media.
Prose generally has no formal structure like meter or rhyme that is often found in poetry. Although some works of prose may happen to contain traces of metrical structure or versification, a conscious blend of the two forms of literature is known as a prose poem.

Hong_Kong_Island
Hong Kong Island is an island in the southern part of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in China. Hong Kong island has most of the city of Hong Kong on it. Hong Kong island is 80.4 km2 in size. In the Chinese language, Hong Kong Island is spelled 香港島.

Number_line
A number line is a line with integers (...-3, -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, 3...) on it extending into infinity. Usually, zero (0) is placed in the middle of the line. The numbers have an equal space from each other. Other numbers in between the numbers on the line represent rational, irrational, and other types of real numbers.
There is another number line'", equally valid and useful, that extends vertically through 0 (the origin) at right angles to our traditional number line and uses imaginary numbers ("i")also extending into infinity. These so called imaginary numbers extend above and below the traditional number line and are used in very real calculations in many areas of science and technology.

List_of_Melbourne_railway_stations
This is a list of the 200 currently operating suburban railway stations (216 including greater metropolitan stations) in Melbourne, Australia. The stations make up 16 radial railway lines (and 4 greater metropolitan lines), as well as the central City Loop.
There are also a further 19 stations on 3 heritage, volunteer-operated, tourist railways. These are not a part of the suburban network.
Stations are broken up into 2 Metcard ticketing zones (some stations are in the overlap between the two zones, where tickets for either zone may be used), as well as the City Saver area, which is within Zone 1 and covers the central business district. On March 4, 2007 zone 3 was abolished by being incorporated into zone 2.
For detailed travel information, do not rely solely on this page; please refer to the website.
Frankston line.
Branches from the Pakenham line at Caulfield station.
The Stony Point line is a greater metropolitan continuation of the Frankston line.
Pakenham line.
Branches from the Sandringham line at South Yarra station.
The Traralgon line is a regional continuation of the Pakenham line.
Cranbourne line.
Branches from the Pakenham line at Dandenong station.
Sandringham line.
Branches from the Eastern lines (Burnley group) at Richmond station.
Craigieburn line.
Branches from the City Loop at Southern Cross and Flagstaff stations.
Upfield line.
Branches from the Craigieburn railway line at North Melbourne station.
Sydenham line.
Branches from the Craigieburn railway line at North Melbourne station.
The Sunbury line is a greater metropolitan continuations of the Sydenham line.
Williamstown line.
Branches from the Sydenham line at Footscray station.
Werribee line.
Branches from the Williamstown line at Newport station.
The Geelong and Warrnambool regional lines are continuations of the Werribee line.
Flemington Racecourse line (Special events only).
Branches from the Craigieburn railway line at Newmarket station. This line may be opened to permanent daily service as part of the redevelopment of the Showgrounds.
Lilydale line.
Branches from the City Loop at Flinders Street and Parliament stations.
Glen Waverley line.
Branches from the Lilydale line at Burnley station.
Belgrave line.
Branches from the Lilydale line at Ringwood station.
Alamein line.
Branches from the Lilydale line at Camberwell station.
Hurstbridge line.
Branches from the City Loop at Flinders Street and Parliament stations.
Epping line.
Branches from the Hurstbridge line at Clifton Hill station.
Greater metropolitan lines.
These lines are operated by diesel locomotive-hauled & railcar services, and are covered by Metcard ticketing. All services are operated by Line, with the exception of the Stony Point line operated by Connex using locomotives leased from Line Passenger.
Stony Point line.
Begins at Frankston station on the Frankston line.
Melton line.
Branches from the Sydenham line at Sunshine station.
The Ballarat regional line is a continuation of the Melton line.
Sunbury line.
Continues from the Sydenham line.
The Bendigo regional line is a continuation of the Sunbury line.
Tourist railways.
These lines are operated part-time (full-time in the case of Puffing Billy) by independent railway preservation groups, and are not covered by Metcard ticketing.
Puffing Billy Railway.
12 stations. In this list only, an asterisk (*) indicates stations at which trains are not normally scheduled to stop, and exist primarily for heritage purposes.

Adam_Dunn
Adam Dunn (born November 9, 1979, in Houston, Texas) is an American Major League baseball player. He is an outfeilder for the Cincinnati Reds. He bats left-handed and throws right-handed.

Hurling
Hurling (in Irish, "iománaíocht" or "iomáint") is an Irish outdoor team sport similar to hockey, played by two teams of 15 people.
The object of the game is for players to use a wooden axe-shaped stick called a hurley (in Irish a "camán", pronounced kam-awn), or a hurl, to hit a small ball called a sliotar (pronounced slith-er) between the opponents' goalposts either over the crossbar for one point, or under the crossbar into a net guarded by a goalkeeper for one goal, which is equivalent to three points.
The ball can be caught in the hand and carried for not more than four steps, struck in the air, or struck on the ground with the stick. It can be kicked or slapped with an open hand (the hand pass) for short-range passing. A player who wants to carry the ball for more than three steps has to bounce or balance the ball on the end of the stick, and the ball can only be handled twice while in his possession.
Playing field.
Hurling is played on a pitch approximately 137m long and 82m wide The goals at each end of the field are formed by two posts, which are usually 6 m high, set 6.4 m apart, and connected 2.44 m above the ground by a crossbar. A net extending in back of the goal is attached to the crossbar and lower goal posts.

Sliotar
A sliotar (or sliothar) - is a hard solid sphere slightly larger than a tennis ball, consisting of a cork core covered by two pieces of leather stitched together. Sometimes called a "puck" or "hurling ball", it resembles an American baseball with more pronounced stitching. It is used in the Gaelic games of hurling, camogie, rounders and shinty.

Miami_Heat
The Miami Heat (also known as just HEAT) are a team in the National Basketball Association in Miami, Florida. It was started in 1988. They won the 2006 NBA Finals. Dwyane Wade is their current star player.

Valencian
Valencian ("valencià") is the historical, traditional, and official name used in the Valencian Community (Spain) for the language spoken in this region, also known as Catalan ("català") in the Spanish Autonomous Communities of Catalonia, Aragon and the Balearic Islands; in the country of Andorra; in the southern French region of the Roussillon; and in the Italian city of Alghero on the island of Sardinia.
In linguistics "Valencian" is also used to identify this distinctive variant spoken in central and southern Valencia which has gained its own currency within the Catalan domain.

Meteorological_history_of_Hurricane_Katrina
The meteorological history of Hurricane Katrina started on August 23, 2005. Hurricane Katrina was extremely destructive Category 5 hurricane which formed as Tropical Depression Twelve near the Bahamas. The next day, the tropical depression strengthened to a tropical storm, and was named "Katrina". Katrina continued on to make landfall on the southern part of the U.S. state of Florida as a Category 1 hurricane.
While passing across Florida, Katrina weakened to a tropical storm; however, the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico allowed it to rapidly intensify to the sixth strongest Atlantic hurricane in recorded history. Afterwards, Katrina made landfall as a Category 3 hurricane near Buras-Triumph, Louisiana, and once more near the Mississippi/Louisiana border. Katrina continued northward through the central United States and finally dissipated near the Great Lakes, when it was absorbed by a cold front.
Formation.
Tropical Depression Twelve formed over the southeastern Bahamas at 5:00 p.m. EDT (2100 UTC) on August 23, 2005, partially from the remains of Tropical Depression Ten, which had dissipated from the effects of a nearby upper tropospheric trough. While the normal standards for numbering tropical depressions in the Atlantic shows that the old name/number is kept when a depression dissipates and regenerates, satellite data indicated that a second tropical wave combined with Tropical Depression Ten north of Puerto Rico to form a new, much more advanced system, which was then named as Tropical Depression Twelve. Simultaneously, the trough in the upper troposphere weakened, causing the wind shear in the area to decrease, also allowing the new tropical depression to develop. In a later re-analysis, it was found that the low-level circulation of TD Ten had completely detached and dissipated, with only the remnant mid-level circulation moving on and merging with the second tropical wave mentioned before. As a result, the criteria for keeping the same name and identity were not met.
First landfall.
As the atmospheric conditions surrounding Tropical Depression Twelve were favorable for tropical development, the system began to strength and was upgraded to Tropical Storm "Katrina" on the morning of August 24. A burst of convection allowed Katrina to become the fifth hurricane of the 2005 season on August 25, only two hours before it made landfall around 6:30 p.m. EST (2230 UTC) between Hallandale Beach and Aventura, Florida.
Katrina struck the peninsula with 80 mph (130 h) winds, and had a well-defined eye on Doppler radar, which managed to stay undisturbed throughout its passage over Florida. The storm weakened over land on August 26 to a tropical storm, but recovered its strength to hurricane status at 2:00 a.m. EDT (0600 UTC), about one hour after ending its passage through Florida and entering the Gulf of Mexico. Parts of the Florida Keys experienced tropical storm winds throughout August 26, with the Dry Tortugas briefly experiencing hurricane-force winds.
Gulf of Mexico.
At first, the National Hurricane Center forecasts predicted that Katrina would begin turning northward after landfall, eventually to make its second landfall on the Florida Panhandle about three to four days later. Katrina, however, continued a westerly and west-southwesterly track, which eventually made the forecasts change their predictions, and forecast Katrina to move westward into New Orleans.
Right after the storm entered the Gulf of Mexico, the low wind shear, good upper-level outflow, and the warm sea surface temperatures of the Gulf Loop Current caused Katrina to intensify rapidly. On August 27, the storm was upgraded to Category 3 strength, becoming the third major hurricane of the season. An eyewall replacement cycle stopped Katrina from strengthening its maximum winds for about 18 hours, but almost doubled the size of the storm as a result. The storm then began a second period of rapid intensification starting at 7:00 p.m. CDT on August 27, and by 12:40 a.m. CDT on August 28, Katrina was upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 145 mph (233 km/h). It became a Category 5 storm by 7:00 a.m. CDT, twelve hours after the beginning of the second round of rapid intensification, and reached its peak intensity at 1:00 p.m. CDT with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), gusts of 215 mph (344 km/h) and a central pressure of 902 mbar (26.64 inHg). The minimum pressure made Katrina, at the time, the fourth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record (Hurricanes Rita and Wilma would later beat Katrina's record that same year). As the hurricane came closer New Orleans, the Weather Forecast Office in Slidell, Louisiana gave out two strongly-worded warnings of the storm's danger.
By the afternoon of August 28, the storm was large enough that some areas of the Gulf Coast were already experiencing tropical storm-force winds. The center of Katrina was about 180 statute miles (290 km) from the mouth of the Mississippi River, but tropical storm-force winds extended 230 mi (370 km) from the center of the storm, and hurricane-force winds extended about 105 miles (170 km) away.
Overnight on August 29, and into the morning of the next day, Katrina quickly weakened (in terms of maximum sustained winds) as it began to enter another eyewall replacement cycle. The inner eyewall disappered before an outer eyewall had fully formed, which was one of the reasons of its rapid weakening. In 18 hours, the hurricane's maximum sustained winds decreased from 170 mph (280 km/h) to 125 mph (205 km/h). However, storm surges remained high at landfall because large waves greater than 30 feet (9.1 m) in height were generated beforehand (with a buoy recording a 55 ft/16.7 m wave at sea), when Katrina was at Categories 4 and 5 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The waves then combined with the storm surge of the large Category 3 hurricane.
Second and third landfalls.
Katrina made its second landfall at 6:10 a.m. CDT on August 29 as a Category 3 hurricane with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) near Buras-Triumph, Louisiana. Because Katrina had just weakened from Category 4 strength, and also because of the shape of the coastline, Category 4-force winds are believed to have existed on land while the eye was over water. At landfall, hurricane-force winds were recorded 120 miles (190 km) from the center, the storm's central pressure was 920 mbar (27.17 inHg), and its forward speed was 15 mph (10 km/h). As it made its way up the eastern Louisiana coastline, most communities in Plaquemines, St. Bernard Parish, and Slidell in St. Tammany Parish were severely damaged by storm surge and the strong winds of the eyewall, which also swipped over eastern New Orleans, creating $1 billion worth of damage to the city from intense flooding and wind damage.
Original estimates recorded that Katrina had made this landfall as a Category 4 hurricane, with 135 mph (220 km/h) winds; however, as mentioned above, the storm weakened just before landfall to Category 3 intensity. The reasons for this weakening are not completely understood yet; while the eye-wall replacement cycle played a part, slightly increasing shear, dropping sea surface temperatures, dry air on the western semicircle of the storm and interaction with the continental landmass also may have played a role in weakening the cyclone. This follows the trend of previous strong cyclones in the Gulf of Mexico: all cyclones with minimum central pressures of 973 mbar (28.73 inHg) or less have weakened over the 12 hours before making landfall in the Gulf Coast of the United States.
A few hours later, after weakening slightly, Katrina made its third landfall near the Louisiana-Mississippi border with 120 mph (195 km/h) sustained winds and 928 mbar (27.37 inHg) pressure, still at Category 3 intensity. Its minimum pressure at its second landfall was 920 mbar (27.17 inHg), making Katrina the third strongest hurricane on record to make landfall on the United States, behind Hurricane Camille's 909 mbar (26.85 inHg) reading in 1969, and the 1935 Labor Day Hurricane's 892 mbar (26.35 inHg) record.
Because the storm was so large, its highly destructive eye-wall winds and the strong northeastern quadrant of the storm pushed record storm surges onshore, smashing the entire Mississippi Gulf Coast, including towns in Mississippi such as Waveland, Bay St. Louis, Pass Christian, Long Beach, Gulfport, Biloxi, Ocean Springs, Gautier and Pascagoula, and, in Alabama, Bayou La Batre. The surges peaked at 28 feet (8.5 m) in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, and at 13 feet (4.0 m) as far away as Mobile, Alabama, which saw its highest storm surge since 1917. Storm surge was particularly high due to the hydrology of the region, the hurricane's extreme size, and the fact that it weakened only shortly before landfall. As Katrina moved inland diagonally over Mississippi, high winds cut a swath of damage that affected almost the entire state.
Dissipation.
Katrina stayed at hurricane strength in Mississippi, but it soon weakened. It lost hurricane strength more than 150 miles (240 km) inland, near Meridian, Mississippi. Katrina was then lowered into a tropical depression near Clarksville, Tennessee and broke in half. One half of the storm continued to race northward, affecting the Central United States, and it was last noticeable in the eastern Great Lakes region. On August 31, it was absorbed by a frontal boundary and became a powerful extratropical low, causing 1.97–6.69 inches (50–170 mm) of rain in 12 hours. It also caused gale-force wind gusts from 31 to 61 mph (50 to 98 km/h) in southeastern Quebec and northern New Brunswick. In the region of Saguenay and Côte-Nord, rain caused breakdowns and failure in roads. The Côte-Nord region was isolated from the rest of Quebec for at least 1 week. However, the other half of Katrina broke off in the eastern part of the Appalachians, which caused a major tornado outbreak in the area from central Georgia to central Pennsylvania. The tornadoes were strong, killing two people and creating severe damage.
At 11:00 p.m. EDT on August 31, the center of the remnant storm that was once Katrina was absorbed by another weather system in southeastern Canada.

Climatology
Climatology is the study of climate, scientifically defined as weather conditions averaged over a period of time, and is a branch of the atmospheric sciences. Basic knowledge of climate can be used within shorter term weather forecasting using analog techniques such as teleconnections and climate indices.

Juan_Santiago,_Elías_Piña
Juan Santiago is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña Province.
Population.
The municipality had, in 2002, a total population of 4,491: 2,453 men and 2,038 women. The urban population was 34.85% of the total population.
History.
Juan Santiago was elevated to the category of municipal district of Comendador by the law 916 of 12 August, 1978. Then it was elevated to the category of municipality.
Economy.
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture.

Los_Angeles_Lakers
The Los Angeles Lakers are an National Basketball Association team located in Los Angeles, California. The Lakers play their home games at Staples Center, which they share with the Los Angeles Clippers, their sister team the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA, the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League, the Los Angeles Avengers of the Arena Football League and the NBA Development League's Los Angeles D-Fenders. The Lakers were originally known as Minneapolis Lakers. Many famous players played on the Los Angeles Lakers' team, like Wilt Chamberlain, the only NBA player to score 100 points in a game.

Queen's_Counsel
Queen's Counsel (postnominal QC), during the reign of a male sovereign known as King's Counsel (KC), are senior lawyers in various Commonwealth countries.
They are appointed by letters patent to be one of "Her Majesty's Counsel learned in the law". They are not a separate type of lawyer. They are more than long serving lawyers, because their status is given by the Crown and recognised by the courts.
Queen's Counsel have the privilege of sitting within the Bar of court, and wear silk gowns of a special design (hence the informal title Silks). The special robes are the reason why becoming a QC is often called "taking silk".
In order to "take silk" a lawyer usually has to serve as a barrister or a Scottish advocate for at least 10 years. Recently solicitors have also been appointed Queen's Counsel.
A QC's status means they generally charge higher fees than ordinary barristers, and always have another barrister as an assistant. This assistant is called a "junior" even if the junior has been a lawyer longer than the "silk".

Recrystallisation
Recrystallization (see also crystallization) is an essentially physical process that has meanings in chemistry, metallurgy and geology.
In chemistry, recrystallization is a procedure for purifying compounds.
In geology, solid-state recrystallization is a metamorphic process that occurs under situations of intense temperature and pressure where grains, atoms or molecules of a rock or mineral are packed closer together, creating a new crystal structure.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock that undergoes metamorphic recrystallization to form marble, and clays can recrystallize to muscovite mica.
In metallurgy, recrystallization is the nucleation and growth of new undeformed grains in a deformed metal.
For ice, recrystallization means the growth of larger crystals at the expense of smaller ones. Some biological antifreeze proteins have been shown to inhibit this process, and the effect may be relevant in freezing-tolerant organisms.

Stalagmite
A stalagmite is a form that can be found on the floor of a cave. It rises from the floor of a limestone cave when mineralized solutions drip from the ceiling and deposits of calcium carbonate form columns on the ground. The corresponding formation on the ceiling of a cave is known as a stalactite.
When touring caves with stalactites and stalagmites you might be asked to not touch the rock formations. This is generally because the formation is considered to still be growing and forming. Since the rock buildup is formed by minerals solidifying out of the water solution, skin oils can disturb where the mineral water will cling. So the development of the rock formation will be affected and not natural anymore.
Stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors, but they form much more rapidly there than in the natural cave environment.

Circadian_rhythm
A circadian rhythm is a cycle that takes about 24 hours. Plants and animals have these built-in cycles which allow them to flower at the right time, sleep at the right time etc. The word "circadian" comes from the Latin "circa", "around", and "diem" or "dies", "day", meaning "about a day." The study of biological time-keeping rhythms such as daily, tidal, weekly, seasonal, and annual rhythms, is called chronobiology.
Circadian rhythms are "built-in" so that, without time signals from the environment, they keep time at the rate of about 24-hour periods. When kept in total darkness, plants and animals continue to behave by the built-in period which is about 24 hours. The rhythms are also affected and re-set by time signals such as daylight and the length of the day and the night. It is important that the rhythms be re-set regularly to the natural light/dark cycle. Adult humans of all ages have a circadian rhythm which averages 24 hours and 11 minutes.
The circadian rhythms, also called the "biological clock", of humans and other animals regulate many bodily functions including feeding, sleeping, body temperature and hormone production.
The primary body clock in humans and other mammals is located in the "suprachiasmatic nucleus" (or "nuclei") (SCN), a pair of groups of cells in the hypothalamus in the brain. Destruction of the SCN results in the complete absence of a regular sleep/wake rhythm. The SCN receives information about light through the eyes and directs the pineal gland to release the hormone melatonin at night.
Some people have circadian rhythm sleep disorders which cause them to sleep much too early (Advanced sleep-phase syndrome, ASPS), much too late (Delayed sleep-phase syndrome, DSPS) or in several bouts throughout the day and night (Irregular sleep-wake disorder).

Pennine_Alps
The Pennine Alps are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps. They are located in Switzerland (Valais) and Italy (Piedmont and the Aosta Valley).

Visp
Visp is the capital city of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
It has a population of around 7,000 people. The two valleys are Mattertal and Saastal. It borders Brig-Glis
The majority of the population are German-speaking.
Economy.
It has a chemical business named LONZA AG. There are also several smaller businesses.
Transportation.
In 2007, Visp will become a junction of the Neue Eisenbahn-Alpentransversale or NEAT, connecting with many other rail-lines.
The bus and the train station of Visp and Brig is the starting point for many outdoor activities, trips, and tours in the surrounding mountain resorts of Zermatt and Saas-Fee.

Greywacke
Greywacke (German "grauwacke", signifying a grey, earthy rock) is a type of sandstone.

Jura_(canton)
The canton of Jura is one of the Cantons of Switzerland. It is the newest of the 26 Swiss cantons (created in 1979) and is located in the northwestern part of Switzerland. The capital is Delémont. It shares borders with the canton of Basel-Landschaft, the Canton of Bern, and the French département of Jura.
Geography.
Canton Jura lies in northwest Switzerland. It includes parts of the Jura mountains in the south and the Jura plateau in the north. The Jura plateau is hilly and almost entirely limestone.
To the north and the west of Jura lies France. The canton of Solothurn and Basel-Landschaft are east of Jura, while the canton of Bern lies south of Jura. The River Doubs and the river Birs drain the lands.
History.
The king of Burgundy donated much of the land that today makes up Canton Jura to the Bishop of Basel in 999. The area was a sovereign state within the Holy Roman Empire for more than 800 years. After the Treaty of Westphalia in 1648 the Jura had close ties with the Swiss Confederation. In the Congress of Vienna the Jura was given to the Canton Bern. This act caused dissension. The Jura was French-speaking and Roman Catholic, whereas the canton of Bern was mostly German-speaking and Protestant. The people of the Jura region called for independence. After a long struggle, a constitution was accepted in 1977. In 1978 the split was made official when the Swiss people voted in favour of it, and in 1979 the Jura joined the Swiss Confederation as a full member. However, the southern part of the Jura region, which is also predominantly French-speaking but has a Protestant majority, opted not to join the newly-formed canton, and instead remained part of Bern. This area is now known as Bernese Jura. The word Jura, therefore, may refer either to Canton Jura, or to the combined territory of Canton Jura and Bernese Jura.
On creation, the canton adopted the title Republic and Canton of the Jura. Other cantons in Switzerland using the title "Republic and Canton" are Ticino, Canton Geneva, and Canton Neuchâtel. In each case the title asserts the autonomy of the canton and its nominal sovereignty within the Swiss Confederation.
Economy.
Agriculture is important in Canton Jura. Cattle breeding is significant and there is also horse breeding. The main industries are watches, clothing and tobacco. There are a growing number of small and middle-sized businesses.
People.
The people are almost fully French-speaking. The majority is Roman Catholic.
Municipalities.
This is a list of the canton's 83 municipalities by district.

Goms_(district)
Goms is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Nicolás_de_Ovando
Nicolás de Ovando (Brozas, 1460 – Seville, 1511) was a Spanish soldier from a noble family and a knight of the Order of Alcántara. He was governor of Hispaniola from 1502 until 1509.
Early life.
Nicolas de Ovando was born in 1460 in the town of Brozas, in Extremadura, Spain. His family was very religious and, when young, he joined the military religious "Order of Alcantara" where, in 1478, he was named "Comendador de Lares" ("Commander of Lares"), a very important position in the Order.
Governor of Hispaniola.
As "Commander of Lares", he was very appreciated by the Spanish Catholic Kings and, in particular, by Queen Isabella. On 3 September, 1501 (Oviedo said in 1502), he was named as Governor of Hispaniola and of all lands discovered in America.
On 13 February, 1502, he went out of the port of Sanlúcar de Barrameda, Spain to go to the Hispaniola island with a fleet of 32 ships. On the fleet, there were 2,500 people, including priests, soldiers and colonists (some of them with their families), who were going to live in the Hispaniola. Among those colonists was Bartolomé de las Casas, later known as the "Protector of the Indians", and also Francisco Pizarro, who conquered the Inca Empire.
The plan of Ovando was to develop the West Indies economically and expand the Spanish influence in the region.
Ovando got in Santo Domingo on 15 April, 1502.
Administration.
The administration of Ovando in Hispaniola was one of great cruelty toward the Taíno Indians. When the Spaniards came to the island in 1492, the native population was 400,000 (estimated) but in 1508 there were only 60,000 Indians.
Because the new colonists needed more workers for the gold mines and farms, they brought, as slaves, Indians from the "Lucayas" (now, the Bahamas) islands. Then they brought slaves from Spain ("Ladinos", that is, of Africa origin but born in Spain); those were the first African slaves brought to America.
Ovando founded several cities (or ordered their foundations) on Hispaniola, among them: Compostela de Azua (or Azua de Compostela), Santa María de la Vera Paz, Bayajá (today, Fort Liberté, in Haiti), Salvatierra de la Sabana (today, Les Cayes, in Haiti), Salvaleón de Higüey, Cotuí, Puerto Plata, Santa Cruz de Hicayagua (today, Santa Cruz del Seibo, Dominican Republic).
Ovando sent Andrés Morales to explore completely the Hispaniola island. Morales made the most complete map of the island. Sebastián de Ocampo was sent to find out if Cuba was an island or part of the continent; after 8 or 10 months, Ocampo came back with the information that Cuba was an island. In 1508, Juan Ponce de León was sent with 50 men to conquer the island of San Juan (now the island of Puerto Rico).
In 1509, Ovando went back to Spain where he was made "Comendador Mayor" ("Head Commander") of the Order of Alcantara. During a meeting of the Order in Seville, Spain, he died on 29 May, 1511 (Oviedo said in 1518). He was buried in the Church of San Benito, in the city of Alcántara, Extremadura, Spain.

Abswurmbachite
Abswurmbachite is a black or dark brown metallic mineral. It is named after Irmgard Abs-Wurmbach, who is a German mineralogist. It is found in Mili, Avia or Andros Island, Greece. It is not radioactive.

Giovanni_Guaita
Giovanni Guaita is an Italian historian, researcher of Eastern Christianity and writer. He is an assistant Professor of the Moscow Linguistic University. Guaita was born in 1962 in Italy. He studied in different Western European and Russian (Moscow and St Petersburg) universities.
He is the author of several books. Three of these books are on the Armenian theme. Guaita also known as the compilator of "The vocabulary of Orthodox agiology".

Cesc_Fàbregas
Cesc Fàbregas (born May 4, 1987) is a Spanish footballer. He plays as a central midfielder for Arsenal in the English Premier League. He also plays for the Spanish national team. He signed to play for Arsenal in 1999 and began playing in 2003.

Warthog
Warthog ("Phacochoerus africanus") are nonetheless remarkable animals. They are found in most of Africa south of the Sahara and are widely distributed in East Africa. They are the only pigs able to live in areas without water for several months of the year. By tolerating a higher-than-normal body temperature, the warthog is perhaps able to conserve moisture inside its body that might otherwise be used for cooling. (Camels and desert gazelles have developed a similar mechanism for survival in hot, arid environments.)
Habitat.
Warthogs are found in moist and arid savannas. They avoid rainforest, deserts and high mountains.

Samuel_Pepys
Samuel Pepys, (23 February 1633 – 26 May 1703) was an English administrator at the Admiralty and Member of Parliament, who is now most famous for his diary.
Although Pepys had no maritime experience, he rose by patronage, hard work and his talent for administration to be the Chief Secretary to the Admiralty under King James II. The detailed private diary that he kept during 1660–1669 was first published in the nineteenth century, and is one of the most important primary sources for the English Restoration period. It provides a combination of personal notes and eyewitness accounts of great events, such as the Great Plague of London, the Second Dutch War and the Great Fire of London.
The Diary.
The complete and definitive edition of Pepys's diary by Robert Latham and William Matthews was published by Bell & Hyman, London, in 1970–1983.
Other websites.
Some of the older editions of the diary are available online.
There are also two encyclopedic sites about Pepys based on these free editions
As well as other sites about Pepys.

Adelite
Adelite is a mineral that can be blueish-gray, green, gray, yellow, or light green in color and is made of crystals. It was named from the Greek word for indistinct because of how big it is. The person who discovered it has yet to come forward, so it is unknown for who it was named after. It can be found in Flipistad, Sweden and it is scratched easily with apatite. Adelite is not radioactive.

Motor_ship
A motor ship is a ship moved through water by an engine, usually a diesel engine. The name of motor ships are often prefixed with MS or M/S.

Semicircle
In geometry, a semicircle is a two-dimensional geometric shape that forms half of a circle. Being half of a circle's 360°, the arc of a semicircle always measures 180°. A triangle inscribed in a semicircle is always a right triangle.

Côte-Nord
Côte-Nord (French for "Northern Coast", area 247,627.06 km², or 95,609.34 sq mi) is the second largest administrative region by land area in Quebec, Canada. It covers much of the northern shore of the Saint Lawrence River's estuary and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence past Tadoussac. At the 2006 census it had a resident population of 95,911 inhabitants.

Circadian_rhythm_sleep_disorder
Circadian rhythm sleep disorders occur when the circadian rhythm is disrupted or is not functioning properly. They usually affect other bodily functions as well, and not just sleep.
Extrinsic category.
Jet Lag often affects people who have travelled several hours east or west, through several time zones. It may take many days for the body to adjust to the new environment. The name comes from travelling by jet aircraft.
Many people have problems with their sleep, appetite, alertness etc. when they work a shift during the times when their circadian rhythms indicate that they should be asleep.
Intrinsic category.
Intrinsic refers to something which happens or is caused within a system or an organism. There are four circadian rhythm sleep disorders of the intrinsic type. Unless they are caused by a head injury or by a disease, they are usually genetic, that is, people are born with them. They are generally chronic; they don't go away, but they may to some degree be treated.
Advanced sleep-phase syndrome (ASPS) is very rare. People with this syndrome are sleepy very early in the evening and they sleep from about 19:00-20:00 in the evening to about 03:00-04:00 in the early morning. Their sleep is usually normal. There are often several people in the same family who have ASPS.
Delayed sleep-phase syndrome (DSPS) is the opposite of ASPS, and it is more common, affecting about 0.15% of adults. It usually starts in early childhood or at puberty. Some cases which start at puberty go away when the person is about 20 years old. Otherwise, the syndrome doesn't go away, that is, it is chronic.
People with DSPS cannot go to sleep before 03:00-06:00 in the morning, or even later. They sleep normally for 8-9 hours, but they cannot wake up in time for school or a job which starts in the morning. They can go to sleep at the same time every night and get up at the same time each day. This means that they are "entrained" (adjusted, synchronized) to the daily light/dark cycle. Even when they try to sleep at acceptable times, they are most alert in the late evening and the nighttime hours.
Non-24-hour sleep-wake syndrome (Non-24) is quite rare. Some people who can see have it, but it is more common among the blind. People with Non-24 sleep well for 8-9 hours, but they do not adjust to the daily light/dark cycle at all. Therefore, they go to sleep 1-2 hours later each day and wake up 1-2 hours later than the day before. This is called freerunning sleep. Their times of best alertness, appetite, body temperature rhythm and hormone cycles all move continuously around the clock, coming back to the same time after a few weeks.
Irregular sleep-wake disorder is quite rare, and it is often possible to find out what causes it, for example, a head injury, a mental handicap, dementia or some other sicknesses. People with this disorder sleep and wake several times a day, but not at the same times every day. Altogether they sleep the same number of hours as other people of the same age.
Treatment.
Treatment for these disorders is similar, and it often does not work very well. In addition, it can be difficult to find a doctor who knows much about circadian rhythms, as the field of study is quite new.
Treatment with bright light is also called phototherapy or light therapy. People with ASPS need a lot of light in the evening and they should avoid bright light in the morning. People with DSPS need bright light as soon as they wake up and should try to avoid bright light in the evening.
Melatonin is a hormone produced in the pineal gland in the brain. It is normally only produced in the evening and at night. People with ASPS can take melatonin by mouth in the morning. People with DSPS can take melatonin in the afternoon or evening, and this treatment works also for some people with Non-24.
One can buy melatonin in the shops in the USA and Canada. In most other countries one must get it from a doctor or it might not be legal at all.
Similar treatments can be tried for the other disorders.

Chewing_gum
Chewing gum is a type of candy. It is either a soft and chewy substance or a hard substance that becomes soft when it is chewed. It is chewed by people for enjoyment. It is often flavored with artificial or natural sweeteners. It may or may not include sugar. Chewing it can help clean teeth. Many chewing gum products used today will include new and exotic flavors such as mint.

Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula,_Mississippi_Combined_Statistical_Area
The Gulfport-Biloxi-Pascagoula Combined Statistical Area is made up of five counties in the Mississippi Gulf Coast region. The statistical area consists of the Gulfport-Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Pascagoula Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2000 census, the CSA had a population of 396,754 The area was significantly impacted by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. A July 1, 2006 estimate placed the population at 380,309. Prior to the hurricane, the area had experienced steady to moderate population growth.

Twenty-seven
Twenty-seven is a number. It comes between twenty-six and twenty-eight, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 3, and 9.

Pokédex
The Pokédex is a tool used by Pokémon trainers all around the Pokémon world in different regions. These regions include the Sinnoh region, the Hoenn region, the Johto region and the Kanto region.
The Pokédex makes records of information about each of the different Pokémon. There are 493 different species of Pokémon recorded in the world today.
Different Pokémon are caught in different regions and some Pokémon can only be caught in certain regions, such as Dialga with the Sinnoh Region.
The Pokedex is also used in the very popular Pokémon video games that were released for the Game Boy, the Game Boy Color, the Game Boy Advance (Both regular and SP), the Nintendo DS, the Nintendo 64, the GameCube and the newly released Nintendo Wii.

Thirty-eight
Thirty-eight is a number. It comes between thirty-seven and thirty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 2, and 19.

Forty-five
Forty-five is a number. It comes between forty-four and forty-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 3, 5, 9 and 15.

Levee
A levee, levée (from the feminine past participle of the French verb "lever", "to raise"), floodbank or stopbank is a natural or artificial slope or wall, usually earthen and often parallels the course of a river. Linguists agree that the term "levee" came into English use in New Orleans circa 1672. It is known in Europe as a dike.

Poultry
Poultry is a group of domesticated birds kept for meat, eggs, and feathers. These usually include farm animals such as ducks, chickens, geese, turkeys, and among other types of birds.

Forty-nine
Forty-nine is a number. It comes between forty-eight and fifty, and is an even number. It is divisible by 7. 49 is the 7th square number after 1, 4, 9, 16, 25, and 36.

Sao_(moon)
Sao is a non-spherical moon of Neptune. It was found by Matthew J. Holman "et al." on August 14, 2002.
Sao orbits Neptune at a distance of about 22.4 million km and is about 44 kilometers in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04).
Sao has a very inclined and eccentric orbit seen on the diagram in relation to other non-sperical moons of Neptune.
Sao, or Neptune XI, like many of the farther moons of Neptune, is named after one of the Nereids; Sao was associated with sailing and is referred to as "The rescuer" or "Safety". Before the announcement of its name on February 3, 2007 (IAUC 8802), Sao was known provisionally as S/2002 N 2.

Sixty-one
Sixty-one is a number. It comes between sixty and sixty-two, and is an odd number. It is also the 17th prime number, after 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, 47, 53, and 59.

Sixty-eight
Sixty-eight is a number. It comes between sixty-seven and sixty-nine, and is an even number. It is divisible by 2, 4, 17, and 34.

Barbuda
Barbuda is an island in the eastern Caribbean, and forms part of the state of Antigua and Barbuda. It has a population of about 1,500, most of whom live in the town of Codrington.
Barbuda is located north of Antigua, in the middle of the Leeward Islands. To the south are the islands of Montserrat and Guadaloupe, and to the north and west are Nevis, St. Kitts, St. Barts, and St. Martin.

Tzitzernavank_Monastery
Tzitzernavank Monastery (, "Swallows Monastery") is an Armenian monastery located in the region of Kashatagh (under control of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic). The monastery dates from the IV-VI centuries and recognized as a native Armenian example of an “oriental” architectural type.
The church of St. Gregory was reopened after a restoration in 1999-2000.

Carrefour,_Haiti
Carrefour is a poor district in the Ouest Department of Port-au-Prince, Haïti. It's population is 408,000. The neighborhood is very poor and ill-serviced however as of recently, small-scale construction has gone on in the area along with street renovations. A slum called Feuilles of Carrefour is notorious for the illegal execution of eleven young men that took place there in 1999.

Mount_Thor
Mount Thor is a mountain on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada. It features the Earth's greatest purely straight drop at 1,250 m (4,100 feet), with an average angle of 150 degrees.

Soldier_(song)
"Soldier" is an R&B/hip hop song written by Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rich Harrison, Sean Garrett, T.I., and Lil Wayne for Destiny's Child's fourth studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004). It was produced by Knowles and Harrison and released as the album's second single in fall 2004. The song reached number 3 in Australia and the United States. It became the group's tenth and final consecutive top 10 hit in the US. It peaked in the top 10 in New Zealand, the UK, Denmark, Ireland, Israel, Finland, Italy, Greece and Switzerland. The song also was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration category. It won the Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for Best R&B/Soul Single by a Group, Band or Duo.

Sierre_(district)
Sierre is a district of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Arbon_(district)
Arbon is a district of the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland. The capital city is Arbon.

Anthe_(moon)
! bgcolor="#a0ffa0" colspan="2" | Orbital characteristics
! align="left" | Semi-major axis
! align="left" | Orbital period
! align="left" | Inclination(to Saturn's equator)
! align="left" | Is a moon of
! bgcolor="#a0ffa0" colspan="2" | Physical characteristics
! align="left" | Mean diameter
! align="left" | Mean density
! align="left" | Surface gravity
! align="left" | Rotation period
! align="left" | Axial tilt
Anthe is a very small moon of Saturn between the orbits of Mimas and Enceladus. It is also known as Saturn XLIX and its designation was S/2007 S 4. It is named after one of the Alkyonides; the name means "flowery".
It was found by the in images taken on May 30, 2007. Once the find was made, a search of older Cassini images showed this small moon in observations from as far back as June 2004. It was first announced on July 18, 2007.

Department_store
A department store is a store that sells many different products. It does not sell the products of only one company, as some other stores do. In a department store a person can usually buy clothing, furniture, electronics, and sometimes paint, hardware, toiletries, cosmetics, photographic equipment, jewellery, toys, and sporting goods.
Some department stores sell products cheaper than other stores, they are then called discount department stores.

Mike_Huckabee
Michael Dale "Mike" Huckabee (born August 24 1955) is a former governor of the U.S. state of Arkansas. He was governor from 1996 to 2007. He is a Republican. He is also a Southern Baptist minister. He wanted to be President of the United States in the 2008 election, but did not get picked by his party.

Cocoa_Beach,_Florida
Cocoa Beach is a city in Brevard County, Florida, United States. The population was 12,482 at the 2000 census. According to the U.S Census estimates of 2005, the city had a population of 12,435..

Jarnsaxa_(moon)
Jarnsaxa or Saturn L (provisional designation S/2006 S 6) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 5 and April 29, 2006.
Jarnsaxa is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,556,900 km in 943.784 days, at an inclination of 162.9° to the ecliptic (164.1° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.1918. It is a member of the Norse group of non-spherical moons.
It is named after Járnsaxa, a giantess (female giant) in Norse mythology.

Mundilfari_(moon)
Mundilfari or Saturn XXV, is a moon of Saturn. It was found by Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2000, and given the designation S/2000 S 9.
Mundilfari is about 5.6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,360,000 km in 928.806 days, at an inclination of 170° to the ecliptic (150° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.198.
Mundilfari may have formed from debris knocked off of Phoebe by big impacts at some point in the solar system's history.
It was named in August 2003 from Norse mythology, where Mundilfari is a Jotun or giant who is the father of the goddess Sol and the god Mani.

Aegir_(moon)
Aegir or Saturn XXXVI (provisional designation S/2004 S 10) is a moon of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 11, 2005.
Aegir is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 19,618,000 km in 1025.908 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (140° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.237.
It was named in April 2007 after Ægir, a giant from Norse mythology, the personification of tranquil seas, the one who soothes storms away. He is a son of Fornjót, and brother of Logi (fire, flame) and Kári (wind).

Surtur_(moon)
Surtur or Saturn XLVIII (also known as S/2006 S 7) is a moon of Saturn. It was discovered by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006.
Surtur is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,243,600 km in 1238.575 days, at an inclination of 166.9° to the ecliptic (148.9° to Saturn's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.3680.
It was named in April 2007, after Surtr, leader of the fire giants of Norse mythology.

Hinterrhein_(district)
Hinterrhein is a district of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It has an area of 617.67 km² and a population of 12,508 people (as of December 2004).
Hinterrhein consists of five "Kreise" (sub-districts) and 39 municipalities.
On 1 January 2006 Medels im Rheinwald became part of Splügen.
On 1 January 2003 the municipalities of Donath and Patzen-Fardün became part of Donat.

Almens
Almens is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
Languages.
German is the most common language in Almens.

Ennetmoos
Ennetmoos is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
The main sights of Ennetmoos are the chapels of Saint Jakob, Saint Leonhard (in Rohren), and Saint Magnus (in Allweg), a monument (Überfalldenkmal) in Allweg, ruins at Rotzberg, the Stanserhorn mountain and resort, and the pilgrimage route St. Jakobsweg.

Su-27_Flanker
The Su-27 Flanker is a Soviet fighter aircraft made by Sukhoi. It first flew in 1977, and was introduced in 1984. It was first made by the Soviet Union as a fighter, but now it is in the Russian Air Force. It can hold up to 10 missiles and a 30mm cannon with 150 bullets.
The Su-27 was made to pair with the MiG-29 Fulcrum, but in the Eritrean-Ethiopian War, Ethiopian Su-27s shot down 5 Eritrean MiG-29s. It was also supposed to fight American fighters like the F-15 Eagle and F-16 Fighting Falcon. There are fighters similar to the Su-27, like the Su-33 Flanker-D and the Su-30 Flanker-C.
The Su-27 is still in service with the Russian Air Force and others.

Hurricane_Humberto_(2007)
Hurricane Humberto formed and strengthened faster than any other tropical cyclone on record within 18 hours of landfall; developing on September 12, 2007 in the northwestern Gulf of Mexico, the cyclone quickly strengthened and struck High Island, Texas, with winds of about 90 mph (150 km/h) early on September 13. It steadily weakened after moving ashore, and on September 14 it began dissipating over northwestern Georgia as it interacted with an approaching cold front. Humberto was the eighth named storm and third hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season, and became the first hurricane to strike the United States since Hurricane Wilma of 2005. Damage was fairly light, estimated at about $50 million.

Chaldene_(moon)
Chaldene or, is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard, "et al." in 2000, and given the designation.
Chaldene is about 3.8 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,713,000 km in 699.327 days, at an inclination of 167° to the ecliptic (169° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.2916.
It was named in October 2002 after Chaldene, the mother of Solymos by Zeus in Greek mythology.
It belongs to the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Kore_(moon)
Kore or is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003 and given the designation.
Kore is about 2 kilometers in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 23,239,000 km in 723.720 days, at an inclination of 141° to the ecliptic (139° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.2462.
It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, which is made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.
It was named after Kore, another name for the Greek goddess Persephone (from the Greek κόρη, "daughter [of Demeter]").

Marching_band
A marching band is a group of instrumental musicians who generally perform outdoors.
It combines movement – usually some type of marching and other movements  – with their musical performance. Its instruments typically are brass, woodwinds, and percussion instruments. The music usually has a strong rhythmic component suitable for marching. All marching bands use some kind of uniform.
In addition to traditional parade performances, many bands also perform field shows at special events (such as football games) or at competitions.

Münchwilen,_Thurgau
Münchwilen is a municipality and capital city of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Glarus_(canton)
Glarus is a canton in east Switzerland. The capital is Glarus. There are 25 municipalities in the canton (July 2006). The population is German speaking and either Protestant or Catholic.
Geography.
The canton of Glarus is dominated by the deep valley of the Linth River. Most of the area is mountainous. The total area of the canton of Glarus is 685 km².
History.
The history of this canton is dominated by religion. The inhabitants of the Linth Valley were converted to Christianity in the 6th century by the Irish monk Saint Fridolin, who still features in the coat of arms of the canton today. He founded Säckingen Abbey near Basel. From the 9th century, the area around Glarus was owned by the abbey. By 1288, the Habsburgs, bit by bit, claimed all the abbey's rights. This resulted in the people of Glarus joining the Swiss Confederation in 1352.
Between 1506 and 1516, the reformer Huldrych Zwingli was priest in Glarus, but by 1564, all of Zwingli's followers were eliminated. This, however, did not end the struggles between the Protestants and the Catholics in the area. To secure peace it was decided that each party should have its own assembly ("Landsgemeinde") in 1623, and at a later stage in 1683, each side was granted the right to have its own tribunals.
Between 1798 and 1803, Glarus was part of the Canton of Linth as established by Napoleon. In 1836 the constitution was adapted to unite the assemblies and establish only one "Landsgemeinde".
About two thirds of Glarus (593 buildings) were destroyed after a big fire in 1861. After this incident, Glarus was rebuilt in block fashion according to construction plans by Bernhard Simon and Johann Caspar Wolff.
On May 6, 2007 Glarus became the first Swiss canton to lower the voting age to 16.
Industry.
The land of the canton helped to make slate works in the 1600s.

Bern_(canton)
The Swiss canton of Bern has a population of about 947,000. The canton is located in west-central Switzerland and the city of Bern is its capital.

Megaclite_(moon)
Megaclite or, is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2000, and given the designation.
Megaclite is about 5.4 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 24,687,000 km in 792.437 days, at an inclination of 150° to the ecliptic (148° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.308.
It was named in October 2002 after Megaclite, mother by Zeus (Jupiter) of Thebe and Locrus (although both of these are assigned a different mother by other authors).
It belongs to the Pasiphaë group, non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at distances ranging between 22,800,000 and 24,100,000 km, and with inclinations ranging between 144.5° and 158.3°.

Composite_material
Composite materials (or composites for short) are engineered materials made from two or more constituent materials with significantly different physical or chemical properties and which remain separate and distinct on a macroscopic level within the finished structure.
Background.
The most primitive composite materials comprised straw and mud in the form of bricks for building construction. The Biblical book of Exodus tells of the Israelites that were oppressed by Pharaoh and forced to make "bricks without straw". Today we use shower stalls and bath tubs made of fiberglass.

Coefficient_of_thermal_expansion
Solids mostly expand in response to heating and contract on cooling. This response to temperature change is expressed as its coefficient of thermal expansion.
These characteristics are closely related. The volumetric thermal expansion coefficient can be measured for all substances of condensed matter (liquids and solid state). The linear thermal expansion can only be measured in the solid state and is common in engineering applications.
Thermal expansion coefficients for some common materials.
The expansion and contraction of material must be considered when designing large structures, when using tape or chain to measure distances for land surveys, when designing molds for casting hot material, and in other engineering applications when large changes in dimension due to temperature are expected. The range for α is from 10-7 for hard solids to 10-3 for organic liquids. α varies with the temperature and some materials have a very high variation. Some values for common materials, given in parts per million per Celsius degree: (NOTE: This can also be in kelvins as the changes in temperature are a 1:1 ratio)
Applications.
For applications using the thermal expansion property, see bi-metal and mercury thermometer
Thermal expansion is also used in mechanical applications to fit parts over one another, e.g. a bushing can be fitted over a shaft by making its inner diameter slightly smaller than the diameter of the shaft, then heating it until it fits over the shaft, and allowing it to cool after it has been pushed over the shaft, thus achieving a 'shrink fit'
There exist some alloys with a very small CTE, used in applications that demand very small changes in physical dimension over a range of temperatures. One of these is Invar 36, with a coefficient in the 0.6x10-6 range. These alloys are useful in aerospace applications where wide temperature swings may occur.

Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg
Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg is a borough of Berlin. It is a new borough, only made in 2001 by joining the old boroughs of Friedrichshain and Kreuzberg.
It's area is and has, as of 2003, about 255,200 inhabitants.
Its current mayor is Franz Schulz (Green Party).

Thrillville
"Thrillville" is a PlayStation 2, Xbox and PlayStation Portable game made by Lucasarts and Frontier. Players make their own theme park. They make roller coasters, game stalls, rides, race tracks, and food and drink shops.
Story.
Uncle Mortimer, a strange scientist, puts the player in charge of Thrillville, a large theme park with roller coasters, games, rides, and racetracks. The player then picks a character. The character can be moved through each theme park. He must try to finish missions in the theme park before he can move on to the next one.
Garrison, a bad, rich, theme park owner, has his own theme park called Globo-joy. Globo-joy competes against Thrillville. The player must do difficult tasks to make Thrillville the best theme park.
Minigames.
Thrillville has many minigames that can be played in the theme park, or with up to four other players.
Entertainer: Players must hit the right button at the right time to make the cheerleaders dance to the music
RC wars: Players must drive remote-control cars into each other, to try to make the other car blow up.
Event Horizon: Players can pick between four space ships, each with a different weapon, to blast other enemy ships.
Robot Invasion, Hauntings, Pirate Raiders, and Wild Frontier: Players move around in a battle arena. They can shoot either the other players or robot enemies.
Star Sniper, Ghoul Gunner, Blackbeard's Booty, and Prospect Stakeout: Players shoot targets that pop out of certain areas.
Dune Buggy, Anti-Grav Racer, Go-karts, Monster Truck, and Formula Thrills: Players race to the finish on a race track.
Trojan Quest: Players can pick between four heroes, each with a different weapon, to kill enemy skeletons and evil monsters.
Luftwaffe 109: Players can pick between four airplanes, each with a different weapon, to shoot down enemy airplanes and bombers.
Trampolines: Players bounce on a trampoline, doing crazy tricks in the air.
Saucer Sumo: Players control a flying saucer and try to bump the other players off the edge of the ring.
Saucer Soccer: Players control a flying car and try to get the soccer ball and shoot it into the goal.
Minigolf: Players play a game of miniature golf, where they hit the ball lightly with a golf club and send the ball into a hole.
Sparkle Island: Players play as a cat-like hero and shoot blobs.
Mechanic: Players arrange tubes to fit on a board, to connect one part of a circuit board to another.
Groundskeeper: Players suck up the trash and wash the vomit that has collected in the theme parks.
Thrillville: Off the Rails.
Off the Rails, the second part of the series, came out in 2007 for the PlayStation 2, Wii, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable and Microsoft Windows. "Off the Rails" allows roller coasters to crash, more minigames, more options, and more fun. Also, Off the Rails has a good amount of songs, such as "Parklife" by Blur and "Smile" by Lily Allen.

Karl_Dönitz
Karl Dönitz () (September 16, 1891 – December 24, 1980) was a German naval leader. He commanded the German Navy ("Kriegsmarine") during the second half of World War II. Dönitz was also President of Germany for 23 days after Adolf Hitler's suicide. For his role in World War II, Dönitz was referred to as "der Löwe" (the Lion).
Dönitz was born in the Berlin. He entered the Imperial German Navy ("Kaiserliche Marine") in 1911. During World War I, he served on surface ships. Later he was transferred to submarines (U-boats). He remained in the navy after the war and rose through the ranks of the German Navy of the Weimar Republic ("Reichsmarine") and the German Navy of the Third Reich ("Kriegsmarine"). He became a "Großadmiral". He served as Commander of Submarines ("Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote", "B.d.U."). Later, he became Commander-in-Chief of the German Navy ("Oberbefehlshaber der Kriegsmarine"). He got this position, even though he never joined the Nazi Party. Under his command, the U-boat fleet fought the Battle of the Atlantic. He also served as "Reichspräsident" for 23 days after Adolf Hitler's suicide. He ended the war as a prisoner-of-war of the British.
After the war Dönitz was charged and convicted of "crimes against peace" and "war crimes" at the Nuremberg Trials. He served ten years in prison. He ordered the unrestricted submarine warfare which was done by Germany in the North Atlantic. With this, he caused Germany to be in breach of the Second London Naval Treaty of 1936.
At his trial, evidence was show that the Allies had acted similarly. For this reason, this breach of international law had no impact on his sentence. After his release from prison, Dönitz moved to Aumühle, a small village near Hamburg. During his later years, he wrote two autobiographies. In them, he covered different periods in his life. He died of a heart attack on Christmas Eve, 1980.

Synchronous_orbit
A synchronous orbit is an orbit in which an orbiting body (usually a satellite) has a period equal to the average rotational period of the body being orbited (usually a planet), and in the same direction of rotation as that body.

S/2003_J_17
is a moon of Jupiter. It was found by a team of astronomers led by Brett J. Gladman, "et al." in 2003.
is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,134,000 km in 672.752 days, at an inclination of 162° to the ecliptic (161° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.2379.
It is the closest member of the Carme group, made up of non-spherical retrograde moons orbiting Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23,000,000 and 24,000,000 km and at an inclination of about 165°.

Meter_(poetry)
In poetry, meter (British English spelling: metre) means the rhythmic patterns in a verse.
Fundamentals.
The units of poetic meter, like rhyme, vary from language to language and between poetic traditions. They can involve arrangements of syllables into repeated patterns called "feet" within a line. English meter is founded on the patterns of stressed and unstressed syllables. In Latin and Greek verse, on the other hand, while the metrical units are similar, not syllable stresses but syllable lengths are the component parts of meter.

Engi
Engi is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

Alto_Malcantone
Alto Malcantone is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was formed on 13 March 2005 from the earlier municipalities of Arosio, Breno, Fescoggia, Mugena und Vezio.

Baden_(district)
Baden is a district in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland. The capital city is the town of Baden and the largest municipality is Wettingen. The district has a total of 26 municipalities, an area of 153.07km², and a population of 121,071.

Muri_(district)
Muri is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the capital of Muri.

Abtwil,_Aargau
Abtwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Avenches_(district)
Avenches is a district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The capital is the town of Avenches.

Aquila,_Switzerland
Aquila is a municipality of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Megaraptor
Megaraptor was a large, terrifying late Cretaceous predator with two enormous, sickle-like claws on each hand. It was a huge, lightly built, fast-moving, agile, bipedal (walked on two legs), dinosaur. It had a curved, flexible neck, and a big head with sharp, serrated teeth in very powerful jaws.
The first thing of Megaraptor to be discovered was one of its claws. As they strongly resembled the claws seen in Dromeosaurs, it was believed that Megaraptor belonged to that family, and was the largest member of it. Later, a complete hand was discovered, revealing the claw to be located on its thumb.
Megaraptor was about 20-26 feet (6-8 m) long.

Radiogenic
A radiogenic nuclide is one that is created by a process of radioactive decay.

S/2003_J_12
is a moon of Jupiter, and is the smallest known. It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2003.
is about 1 kilometre in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 17,740,000 km in 482.691 days, at an inclination of 143° to the ecliptic (143° to Jupiter's equator), with an eccentricity of 0.4449.
It is the closest of the farther non-spherical retrograde moons of Jupiter, and does not seem to belong to any group.

Lysithea_(moon)
Lysithea is a prograde non-spherical moon of Jupiter. It was found by Seth Barnes Nicholson in 1938 at Mount Wilson Observatory and is named after the mythological Lysithea, daughter of Oceanus and one of Zeus' lovers.
Lysithea didn't get its present name until 1975; before then, it was simply known as. It was sometimes called "Demeter" from 1955 to 1975.
It belongs to the Himalia group, five moons orbiting between 11,000,000 and 13,000,000 km from Jupiter at an inclination of about 28.3°. Its orbital elements are as of January 2000. They are changing a lot due to Solar and planetary perturbations.

Birwinken
Birwinken is a municipality of the district of Weinfelden in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Ermatingen
Ermatingen is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Count_Olaf
Count Olaf is the principal villain from Lemony Snicket's "A Series of Unfortunate Events". His main goal throughout the series is to inherit or steal the Baudelaire fortune.

Daspletosaurus
Daspletosaurus (meaning "frightful lizard") was a tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that was 26-33 feet (8-10 m) long and weighed perhaps 2-3.5 tons (2300 kg). It had tiny horns behind its eyes and its arms were a bit longer than those of "T. rex". It may have been an ancestor of T. rex. This bipedal meat-eater lived in marshes by streams in what is now Alberta, Canada, during the late Cretaceous period, 76-72 million years ago. It may have preyed upon Triceratops. It was named by D. A. Russell in 1970. The type species is "D. torosus".

Pterodaustro
Pterodaustro was a pterosaur from South America, are living from Cretaceous period. Pterodaustro most likely fed on tiny invertebrates: zooplankton and krill. Interesting enough, flamingos derive their pink colour from pigments found in these invertebrates (the pigments are actually found in algae, which the invertebrates consume).
Pterodaustro was medium sized, having a wing-span about two meters in length and having only been found in Brazil.

Callisto_(moon)
Callisto is a moon of the planet Jupiter, discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei. It is the second largest moon orbiting Jupiter, after Ganymede, and the third largest moon in the Solar System. Callisto is almost the same size as the planet Mercury, being 99% the diameter of the planet, but is much less massive. Of the four Galilean moons of Jupiter, Callisto is the farthest, with an orbital radius of about 1,880,000 kilometres. It does not form part of the orbital resonance that affects three inner Galilean satellites, Io, Europa and Ganymede. Like the Earth's Moon, Callisto rotates synchronously with its orbital period. This means that one side is always turned toward Jupiter, while the other side never sees the face of the planet. Callisto's surface is less affected by Jupiter's magnetosphere than the other inner satellites because it orbits farther away.
Callisto is composed of approximately equal amounts of rock and ices, with an average density of about 1.83 g/cm³. Compounds on the surface include water ice, carbon dioxide, silicates, and organics. The Galileo spacecraft made investigations of the moon, and revealed that Callisto may have a small silicate core and possibly a subsurface ocean of liquid water more than 100 kilometers deep.
The surface of Callisto is heavily cratered and extremely old. The surface does not show any sign of processes occurring below the surface such as plate tectonics, earthquakes or volcanoes, and is thought to have evolved mainly under the influence of meteorite impacts. Notable surface features include multi-ring structures, impact craters in different shapes, and chains of craters (known as catenae) and associated scarps, ridges and deposits. On a smaller scale, the surface is diverse and is made up of small bright frost deposits at around hill tops, surrounded by a smooth blanket of dark material in valleys. This is thought to result from the degradation of small landforms, caused through sublimation, which is supported by the general lack of small impact craters and the presence of numerous small knobs, considered to be their remains. The absolute ages of the landforms are not known.
Callisto is surrounded by an extremely thin atmosphere made out of carbon dioxide and probably molecular oxygen, as well as by a rather intense ionosphere. An ocean is thought to exist within Callisto. This may mean that life might exist. However, this is less likely than on nearby Europa. Various space probes from Pioneers 10–11 to Galileo and Cassini have studied the moon. Callisto has long been considered the most suitable place for humans to settle for future exploration of the Jovian system.

Lengwil
Lengwil is a municipality of the district of Kreuzlingen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Naturalization
Naturalization is when a person changes his or her nationality. Most people have the nationality of the country where they are born and grow up. If they move to another country they will still keep their own nationality at first, but if they stay there for many years and want to stay there for the rest of their lives they may want to change their nationality. Different countries have different laws about nationalization. Usually the person will have to make a promise in a court of law. He will have to promise to be a good citizen and obey the country's laws.
Sometimes it is still possible for someone to keep their first nationality as well as getting a new one. This is called "dual nationality". Sometimes children whose parents have different nationalities are allowed to have dual nationality.
Someone who has been naturalized will normally have all the rights that any other person belonging to that country has.

Olin_J._Eggen
Olin Jeuck Eggen (July 9, 1919 – October 2, 1998) was an American astronomer. Some sources incorrectly give his name as Olin Jenck Eggen.

Desdemona_(moon)
Desdemona is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-13, and was given the designation S/1986 U 6. Desdemona is named after the wife of Othello in William Shakespeare's play "Othello". It is also designated Uranus X.
Desdemona belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 34 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.
At the Voyager 2 images Desdemona appears as a stretched object, the major axis pointing towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Desdemona's prolate spheroid is 0.6 ± 0.3. Its surface is grey in color.

Müllheim,_Switzerland
Müllheim is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Salenstein
Salenstein is a municipality of the district of Steckborn in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Portia_(moon)
Portia is a closer moon to Uranus. It was found from the images taken by "Voyager 2" on 1986-01-03, and was given the designation S/1986 U 1. The moon is named after Portia, the heroine of William Shakespeare's play "The Merchant of Venice". It is also designated Uranus XII.
Portia is the second biggest closer moon of Uranus after Puck. The Portian orbit, which lies inside Uranus' synchronous orbital radius, is slowly shrinking due to tidal deceleration. The moon will one day either break up into a planetary ring or hit Uranus.
It heads a group of moons called Portia Group, which includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Juliet, Rosalind, Cupid, Belinda and Perdita. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties.
Little is known about Portia beyond its size of about 140 km, orbit, and geometric albedo of about 0.08.
In the Voyager 2 images, Portia appears as a stretched object whose major axis points towards Uranus. The ratio of axises of the Portia's prolate spheroid is 0.8 ± 0.1. Its surface is grey in color. Observations with Hubble Space Telescope and large terrestrial telescopes found water ice absorption features in the spectrum of Portia.

Uzi
An Uzi is a type of submachine gun. There are many different kinds of Uzis: Mini Uzi, which is a smaller version of the Uzi, Micro Uzi; which is only slightly larger than a standard pistol, Para Micro Uzi; which was made for counter terrorist units, and the Uzi Pistol; which is the semi-automatic (meaning it fires 1 bullet every time you pull the trigger). All of these kinds of Uzis are still in use by the special forces today. It is being replaced by the MP-5 slowly.
History.
Uzis were invented by Uziel Gal. This gun was first used in 1956. Uzis were used in the 1967 Six Day War by Israel.

Gharial
The gharial ("Gavialis gangeticus"), sometimes called the Indian gharial or gavial, is one of two surviving members of the family Gavialidae. Gavialidae is a group of crocodile-like reptiles with long, narrow jaws. The gharial is the second-longest of all living crocodilians: a large male can approach 6 meters in length. Only Saltwater crocodiles can grow larger.
Ancestry.
The fossil history of the Gavialoidea is quite well known. The earliest examples split from the other crocodilians in the late Cretaceous. The feature of the group that is easiest to recognise is the very long, narrow snout. This is an adaptation to a diet of small fish. Gharials have sacrificed the great mechanical strength of the robust skull and jaw that most crocodiles and alligators have. FOr this reason, and they cannot prey on large creatures. But they also have reduced weight and water resistance of their lighter skull and very narrow jaw. This gives gharials the ability to catch rapidly moving fish. They catch them with a side-to-side snapping motion.
The earliest Gavialoidea may or may not have been related to the modern types: some died out at the same time as the dinosaurs (at the end of the Cretaceous), others survived until the early Eocene (about 35 million years ago). The modern forms appeared at much the same time. They evolved in the estuaries and coastal waters of Africa. They crossed the Atlantic to reach South America as well. At their peak, the Gavialoidea were numerous and diverse, they occupied much of Asia and America up until the Pliocene. One species, "Rhamphosuchus crassidens" of India, is believed to have grown to an enormous 15 metres or more.
Distribution.
Northern Indian subcontinent: Bhutan (almost extinct), Bangladesh (close to extinction), India (present in small numbers and increasing), Myanmar (possibly extinct), Nepal, Pakistan (close to extinction). Usually found in the river systems of Indus (Pakistan) and the Brahmaputra (Bangladesh, Bhutan & North eastern India), the Ganges (Bangladesh, India & Nepal), and the Mahanadi (in the rainforest biome)(India), with small numbers in Kaladan and the Ayeyarwady River in Myanmar. It is sympatric, in respective areas, with the Mugger Crocodile
("Crocodylus palustris") and the Saltwater Crocodile ("Crocodylus porosus").
Habitat.
Gharials live in rivers. They are best adapted to the calmer areas in deep fast moving rivers. Their physical attributes do not make the animals very suited to walk on land. In fact the only reasons the gharial leaves the water is to either bask in the sun or to nest on the sandbanks of the rivers.
Appearance.
The Gharial has a long, narrow snout. This is the feature that is most different from most other Crocodilia. The only other species who has such a snout is the False gharial ("Tomistoma schlegelii"), which is closely related. The shape of this snout changes when the animal grows older. The snout becomes progressively thinner the older the gharial gets. There is a bulbous growth on the tip of the male's snout. This is called a 'ghara' (after the Indian word meaning 'pot'). It is only present in mature animals. It is used for different activities, such as making a resonant hum during vocalization. It is also used for attracting females. The mating ritual includes a section where the male uses this ghara to make bubbles.
The long jaws are lined with many interlocking, razor-sharp teeth. This is an adaptation to the diet (predominantly fish in adults). This species is one of the largest of all crocodilian species, approaching the saltwater crocodile ("Crocodylus porosus") and the Nile crocodile in maximum size - males reach at least 5 metres in length, and often approach 6 metres. Reports of 7 metre animals exist, but are unconfirmed. The leg musculature of the gharial is not suited to enable the animal to raise the body off the ground (on land) in order to achieve the high-walk gait - being able only to push its body forward across the ground ('belly-sliding'), although it can do this with some speed when required. However, when in water, the gharial is the most nimble and quick of all the crocodiles in the world. The tail seems overdeveloped and is flattened on the side, more so than other crocodiles. This enables it to achieve the excellent swimming abilities.
The gharial has 27 to 29 upper and 25 or 26 lower teeth on each side. These teeth are not received into interdental pits; the first, second, and third mandibular teeth fit into notches in the upper jaw. The front teeth are the largest. The gharial's snout is narrow and long, with a dilation at the end and its nasal bones are comparatively short and are widely separated from the pre-maxillaries. The nasal opening of a gharial is smaller than the supra-temporal fossae. The gharial's lower anterior margin of orbit (jugal) is raised and its mandibular symphysis is extremely long, extending to the 23rd or 24th tooth. A dorsal shield is formed from four longitudinal series of juxtaposed, keeled and bony scutes.
The length of the snout is 3.5 (in adults) to 5.5 times (in young) the breadth of the snout's base. Nuchal and dorsal scutes form a single continuous shield composed of 21 or 22 transverse series. Gharials have an outer row of soft, smooth or feebly-keeled scutes in addition to the bony dorsal scutes. They also have two small post-occipital scutes.
The outer toes of a gharial are two-thirds webbed, while the middle toe is one-third webbed. Gharials have a strong crest on the outer edge of the forearm, leg and foot. Typically, adult gharials are of a dark olive hue while young ones are pale olive, with dark brown spots or cross-bands.
Diet.
Young gharials eat insects, larvae, and small frogs. Mature adults feed almost solely on fish, although some individuals have been known to scavenge dead animals. Their snout morphology is ideally suited for piscivory; their long, narrow snouts afford very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water. Their numerous needle-like teeth are perfect for holding on to struggling, slippery fish.
Danger to humans.
The Gharial is not a man-eater. Despite its immense size, its thin, fragile jaws make it physically incapable of devouring any large animal, including a human being. The myth that gharials eat humans may come partly from their similar appearance to Crocodiles and because jewelry has been found in their stomachs. However, the gharial may have swallowed this jewelry while scavenging corpses or as gastroliths used to aid digestion or buoyancy management.
Breeding.
The mating season is during November through December and well into January. The nesting and laying of eggs takes place in the dry season of March, April, and May. This is because during the dry season the rivers shrink a bit and the sandy river banks are available for nesting. Between 30 and 50 eggs are deposited into the hole that the female digs up before it is covered over carefully. After about 90 days, the juveniles emerge, although there is no record of the female assisting the juveniles into the water after they hatch (probably because their jaws are not suited for carrying the young due to the needle like teeth).However the mother does protect the young in the water for a few days till they learn to fend for themselves.
Conservation.
In the 1970s the gharial came to the brink of extinction and even now remains on the critically endangered list. The conservation efforts of the environmentalists in cooperation with several governments has led to some reduction in the threat of extinction. Some hope lies with the conservation and management programs in place as of 2004. Full protection was granted in the 1970s in the hope of reducing poaching losses, although these measures were slow to be implemented at first. Now there are 9 protected areas for this species in India which are linked to both captive breeding and 'ranching' operations where eggs collected from the wild are raised in captivity (to reduce mortality due to natural predators) and then released back into the wild (the first being released in 1981). More than 3000 animals have been released through these programs, and the wild population in India is estimated at around 1500 animals - with perhaps between one and two hundred animals in the remainder of its range.
Recently this species has moved from Endangered to Critically Endangered on the 2007 Red List of endangered species of animals and plants issued by the World Conservation Union, and qualifies for protection under the CITES (Convention on International Trade of Endangered Species) Appendix II.
Taxonomy.
Janke "et al." (2005), using molecular genetic evidence, found the gharial and the false gharial ("Tomistoma") to be close relatives, and placed them together in the same family.
Common names include: Indian gharial, Indian gavial, Fish-eating crocodile, Gavial del Ganges, Gavial du Gange, Long-nosed crocodile, Bahsoolia, Nakar, Chimpta, Lamthora, Mecho Kumhir, Naka, Nakar, Shormon, Thantia, Thondre, Garial.

Perdita_(moon)
Perdita is a closer moon to Uranus. Perdita's discovery was not simple. The first pictures of Perdita were taken by the "Voyager 2" spacecraft in 1986, but it was not recognized from the photographs for more than a decade. In 1999, the moon was noticed by Erich Karkoschka and reported. But because no further pictures could be taken to confirm its existence, it was thought to be non-existent in 2001. However, in 2003, pictures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope managed to pick up an object where Perdita was supposed to be, finally confirming its existence.
Following its discovery in 1999, Perdita was given the designation of S/1986 U 10. It was named after the daughter of Leontes and Hermione in William Shakespeare's play "The Winter's Tale". The moon is also designated Uranus XXV.
Perdita belongs to Portia Group of moons, which also includes Bianca, Cressida, Desdemona, Portia, Juliet, Cupid, Rosalind and Belinda. These moons have similar orbits and photometric properties. Unfortunately, other than its orbit, radius of 15 km and geometric albedo of 0.08 almost nothing is known about it.

Telephoto_lens
In photography, a telephoto lens is a lens. There are two different uses of the word. The less specific use is to mean a lens that has a longer focal length than a normal lens. Their angle of view is smaller than that of a normal lens. With telephoto lenses things look closer than they really are.
The other meaning of telephoto lens applies to lenses that are constructed in a special way so they can be shorter than their focal length.
For 35mm film, 50mm is a normal focal length. Typical telephoto lenses are 85mm (28°50') and 100m (24°). They are used for portraits mostly. Other telephoto lenses that are used often are 135mm (18°), 180mm and 200mm.
Longer focal lengths (300 to 1200mm) are used in sports photography.
Different focal lengths.
The above photos were taken using a 35 mm camera, using lenses of the given focal lengths.

Francisco_(moon)
Francisco is the closest non-spherical moon of Uranus.
Francisco was found by Matthew J. Holman, et al. and Brett J. Gladman, et al. in 2003 from pictures taken in 2001 and given the designation S/2001 U 3.
Confirmed as Uranus XXII, it was named after a lord in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

Wozzeck
"Wozzeck" is an opera by the Austrian composer Alban Berg (1885-1935). It was composed between 1914 and 1922 and first performed in 1925.
Berg wrote this opera before the period when he used serialism in his works. His teacher Schoenberg had not yet developed the twelve tone system. The music of "Wozzeck" has tonal music in the tradition of Mahler, but also some atonal music (music which is not based on any key) as well as melodies which are based on the whole tone scale. The music sounded very modern at the time it was written. Berg also writes for the voices in unusual ways: sometimes they have to half-speak, half-sing (this is called Sprechgesang).
The opera is based on a play called "Woyzeck" by the German playwright Georg Büchner. "Woyzeck" was an unusual drama because, instead of being a story about someone important such as a king or a god, it was about a poor man who is not very smart and is bullied and misused by other people. When Berg wrote the opera nearly a century later, it was still an unusual story for an opera. The heroes in operas were usually important people, while working people often had comic parts: they were often servants. But Wozzeck is a simple man who cannot help what is happening to him. In drama this is sometimes called an "anti-hero".
Act I.
Scene 1 (Suite): Wozzeck is working as a barber. While he is shaving the Captain, the Captain tells Wozzeck that he thinks Wozzeck leads a bad life because he has had a child with a woman (Marie) without being married to her. Wozzeck says that it is hard for him to be good because he is poor. He reminds the Captain that Jesus said "Let the little children come to me," (Mark 10:14). The Captain is confused by this remark.
Scene 2 (Rhapsody and Hunting Song): Wozzeck and his friend Andres are cutting sticks as the sun is setting. Wozzeck has scary visions: he sees the sinking sun covering the world in flames.
Scene 3 (March and Lullaby): Soldiers march by outside Marie's room. Her neighbour, Margret, tells Marie she is bad because she is flirting with the soldiers. Then Wozzeck comes and tells Marie of the terrible visions he has had.
Scene 4 (Passacaglia): The Doctor tells Wozzeck that he should not cough in the street (Büchner wrote: “piss in the street”). He says he is doing a medical experiment. Wozzeck is so simple that he believes him. The doctor is glad to hear about Wozzeck’s terrible visions.
Scene 5 (Rondo): Marie admires the Drum-major outside her room. He wants to love her. At first she turns away from him, but then she gives in and they rush out together.
Act II.
Scene 1 (Sonata-Allegro): Marie is telling her child to go to sleep while admiring earrings which the Drum-major gave her. Wozzeck arrives. He asks her where she got the earrings. She says she found them. Wozzeck does not know whether to believe her, but gives her some money and leaves. Marie knows her behaviour is wrong.
Scene 2 (Fantasia and Fugue on 3 Themes): The Doctor rushes by the Captain in the street, who tells him to slow down. The Doctor makes the Captain frightened by thinking of nasty illnesses that he might get. When Wozzeck comes, they tease him by saying that Marie loves someone else.
Scene 3 (Largo): Wozzeck talks about it to Marie. She admits that she has a boyfriend. Wozzeck is furious. He is about to hit her when she stops him, saying even her father never dared to hit her. She says: "better a knife in my belly than your hands on me". This gives Wozzeck an idea for revenge.
Scene 4 (Scherzo): Wozzeck sees Marie dancing with the Drum-major in a crowd. Andres asks Wozzeck why he is sitting by himself. A drunkard gives a sermon, then an idiot goes up to Wozzeck and says he can smell blood.
Scene 5 (Rondo): In the barracks at night, Wozzeck cannot sleep. He is keeping Andres awake. The Drum-major comes in. He is drunk. He gets Wozzeck out of bed to fight with him.
Act III.
Scene 1 (Invention on a Theme): In her room at night, Marie reads to herself from the Bible. She wants to be forgiven.
Scene 2 (Invention on a Single Note (B)): Wozzeck and Marie are walking in the woods by a pond. Marie wants to leave, but Wozzeck stops her. The moon is shining bright red. Wozzeck becomes determined that if he can't have Marie, no one else can, and he stabs her.
Scene 3 (Invention on a Rhythm): People are dancing in a pub. Wozzeck enters, and when he sees Margret, he dances with her and pulls her onto his lap. He insults her, and then asks her to sing him a song. She sings, but then notices blood on his hand and elbow; everyone begins to shout at him, and Wozzeck rushes out.
Scene 4 (Invention on a 6-Note Chord): Wozzeck goes back to the place where he killed Marie. Wozzeck thinks that the knife he killed Marie with will prove that he is the murderer. He throws the knife into the pond. When the blood-red moon appears again, he walks into the pond to try to wash the blood of his body, but he drowns. The Captain and the Doctor, passing by, hear Wozzeck moaning and rush off in fright.
Intermezzo (Invention on a Key (D minor)): This interlude leads to the finale.
Scene 5 (Invention on an Eighth-Note moto perpetuo, "quasi toccata"): The next morning a group of children are playing in the sunshine. People are telling one another that Marie's body has been found. The children all run off to see. Marie and Wozzeck’s little boy has been playing on a toy horse. He stops and runs after the other children to the pond.
History of the opera.
Berg saw Büchner's play "Woyzeck" in 1914. It was the first time it had been performed in Vienna. The play had been advertised as "Wozzeck" because people could not read Büchner’s handwriting. This is why Berg uses this spelling for his opera.
Berg knew at once that he wanted to make the play into an opera. Büchner, who had died in 1837 at the age of 23, had left the play unfinished. Berg took fifteen scenes from the play and made them into an opera with three acts. He composed music with a particular form for each scene so that the music develops in a very organised way. He made changes to the libretto himself.
Though Berg began work on the opera in 1914, he was serving in the army during World War I, so he did not have time to continue working on it until 1917. He finished the opera in April 1922. Erich Kleiber conducted the first performance at the Berlin State Opera on 14 December 14 1925. It quickly became famous and was performed in all of the big opera houses in Europe. It was so successful that Berg was able to live off of the money he earned from it.
Musical style.
"Wozzeck" was the first major opera written in a modern 20th century style. A lot of the music is atonal (not in any key) so Berg was able to use this to express the madness of Wozzeck. Sometimes the music becomes more tonal, especially when the story is telling about love and humanity. He also bases some of the music about the soldiers on folksong which he treats in his own special way.
Another musical technique he uses is the leitmotif, in which particular characters or things are linked to particular themes or musical ideas. This technique can be very useful to suggest certain things. For example, there is a leitmotif for the earrings which the Drum major has given to Marie. When the major makes love to Marie we hear this leitmotif. The music makes us realize that he is not forcing her to love him but that she is willing. In another place, the military music tells us that Marie is thinking of the Drum major.
Another leitmotif is the chord we hear when Wozzeck, near the beginning of the opera, talks about “poor folk like us”. The chord we hear is used in other parts of the opera when characters are not strong enough to change their situation in life.

Joanot_Martorell
Joanot Martorell (1413 – 1468) was the Valencian author of the novel "Tirant lo Blanch," which is written in the Catalan language (Martorell calls it "the Valencian vernacular" "vulgar llengua valenciana" used in the Crown of Aragon). First published in Valencia in 1490, it was reprinted in Barcelona in 1497, and some consider it the first modern novel in Europe.
It deals with the adventures of a knight in the Byzantine Empire with echoes of the real-life Catalan Company. Miguel de Cervantes in the book burning scene of Don Quixote considers it the best knight novel. Martorell himself was a chivalrous man and suffered an early death due to court intrigue, leading to a colleague, Marti Joan de Galba, finishing the novel.

Prospero_(moon)
Prospero is a small retrograde non-spherical moon of Uranus found on 1999-07-18 by the astrophysicist Matthew Holman and his team, and given designation S/1999 U 3. Confirmed as Uranus XVIII it was named after the sorcerer Prospero in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Sycorax and Setebos to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin.
However, this suggestion does not appear to be supported by the observed colours. The moon appears grey in the visible light
, similar to Setebos but different from Sycorax (which is "light red").

Yaque_del_Norte_River
The Yaque Del Norte River is the longest river in the Dominican Republic. The river rises in the center of the country to the south of Santiago city in Santiago province. The river runs roughly due north, through Santiago, before turning west-north-west through the Cibao Valley. It enters the Manzanillo Bay in the Atlantic just west of Monte Cristi. The river is 208 km long, is the drainage basin for the north-west of the country and is economically important as a source of irrigation for rice-farming and other agriculture.

Jupiter,_Florida
Jupiter is a town found in Palm Beach County, Florida. As of the 2000 census, the town had a total population of 39,328. As of 2006, the city had a population of 50,028 according to the University of Florida, Bureau of Economic and Business Research.

Tobel-Tägerschen
Tobel-Tägerschen is a municipality of the district of Münchwilen in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.

Dropsonde
A dropsonde is a weather reconnaissance device created by the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), designed to be dropped from an aircraft at altitude to more accurately measure (and therefore track) tropical storm conditions as the device falls to the ground. The dropsonde contains a GPS receiver, along with pressure, temperature, and humidity (PTH) sensors to capture atmospheric profiles and thermodynamic data. It typically relays these data to a computer in the aircraft by radio transmission. The device's descent is usually slowed by a parachute, allowing for more readings to be taken before it reaches the water beneath.

Hurricane_Ivan
Hurricane Ivan was the strongest hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm formed as a Cape Verde-type hurricane in early September, and became the ninth named storm, the sixth hurricane, and the fourth major hurricane of the year. Ivan reached Category 5 strength on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, the highest possible category and the only one of the season. At the time it was sixth most intense Atlantic hurricane on record.
Ivan caused great damage to Grenada, which it struck directly at Category 3 strength, and heavy damage to Jamaica, Grand Cayman, and the western tip of Cuba. After peaking in strength, it moved north-northwest across the Gulf of Mexico to make landfall as a strong Category 3 storm in the United States, in Orange Beach, Alabama, causing very heavy damage there. Ivan dropped heavy rains on the southeastern United States as it looped across Florida and back into the Gulf of Mexico. The remnant low from the storm regenerated into a new tropical system, which moved into Louisiana and Texas, causing minimal damage. Ivan caused an estimated $13 billion worth of damage in the United States, making it the fifth costliest hurricane to ever strike the United States.

Rena_Sinakin
Rena Sinakin (born March 1949) is an American singer, songwriter and record producer. She was educated at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. Sinakin started her career as a singer on Capitol Records. She later went on record on Atco.
During the 1970s, she moved into production. She produced Gladys Knight and the Pips, McFadden and Whitehead and John Lennon's band Elephants Memory.

Tyra_Banks
Tyra Banks (born December 4, 1973) is a popular supermodel. She is now hosting her television shows, "America's Next Top Model" and "The Tyra Banks Show".
Tyra Banks is inspirational to many women around the world and has helped them achieve goals.

Guanahacabibes_Peninsula
Guanahacabibes Peninsula is the western most point on the island of Cuba. It is located in the Pinar del Río Province, in the municipality of Sandino and is sparsely populated. The waters surrounding the peninsula are important lobster and red snapper fishing grounds. It also boasts the category of "Biosphere Reserve", listed by UNESCO in 1987. It's western extremity, Cape San Antonio (), is the western most point of Cuba.

1954_FIFA_World_Cup
The 1954 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Switzerland in 1954. Germany won the trophy after beating Hungary in the final.

1982_FIFA_World_Cup
The 1982 FIFA World Cup was a football (soccer) sporting event that was held in Spain in 1982. Italy won the trophy after beating Germany in the final.

Kanjani∞
Kanjani Eight (関ジャニ∞, "kanjani eito", or Kanjani∞) is a Japanese music group. The group is made of eight men. The group was made in 2002, and their first CD was released in 2004.
Members.
This list contains the names and birth dates of group members

Ai_Kawashima
Ai Kawashima (born February 21, 1986 in Fukuoka City, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan) is a Japan singer-songwriter. Her music was used as an opening theme of Japanese popular television program "Ainori".
She had a dream of becoming a singer since she was a child. Now she is singing for her mother and people who listen to her song, wishing world peace. Her famous song include "My love" and "Asuhenotobira"

Aqua_Timez
Aqua Timez is a Japanese Pop band signed to Sony Music of Japan. This group is made up of 5 members. This group was formed in 2000. Members are Futoshi, OKP-STAR, Daisuke, mayuko and TASHHI.

2002_Formula_One_season
The 2002 Formula One season was the 53rd edition of the championship. The champion was Michael Schumacher after he dominated all season. Ferrari won the constructor's championship.

1992_Formula_One_season
The 1992 Formula One season was the 43th edition of the championship. The champion was Nigel Mansell in a close battle. Williams won the constructors championship.

1957_Formula_One_season
The 1957 Formula One season was the 8th of the championship. The champion was Juan Manuel Fangio in a close battle.

1967_Formula_One_season
The 1967 Formula One season crowned as champion Denny Hulme.

1977_Formula_One_season
The 1977 Formula One season crowned as champion Niki Lauda.

1987_Formula_One_season
The 1987 Formula One season was the 38th of the championship. The champion was Nelson Piquet in a close battle.

Contrabass_trombone
The Contrabass Trombone is the lowest sounding trombone used in music today. It sometimes has a double slide, meaning that the slide tube wraps twice instead of once, as is usual on the tenor trombone.

Antonio_de_Cabezón
Antonio de Cabezón (born Castrillo de Matajudios, near Burgos, Spain, 1510; died Madrid, 26 March, 1566) was a Spanish composer and organist of the Renaissance. He was blind from early childhood. He is best known for the music he composed for the organ.
Life.
His parents came from noble families and owned a lot of land. He probably had his first organ lessons at the local church. Then he had more music lessons in Palencia. He probably had organ lessons from the cathedral organist. He never had an official job at the cathedral, but he must have been an excellent student, and his teachers, who had a lot of influence, recommended him to the royal family. In 1526 he became organist to Queen Isabella and played at the Spanish chamber concerts of King Charles V of Spain.
About 1538 he married the daughter of a rich family and he went to live in Avila where his wife came from. They had five children who had important positions at the royal court when they grew up.
After Queen Isabella died he spent all his time working for Prince Philip, who became Philip II. King Philip thought he was the world’s greatest artist except for the painter Titian. He often travelled with the king to countries such as Italy, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. He influenced many European composers that he met, and they influenced him. When the king moved to Madrid and made it the capital of Spain, Cabezón went there too. He stayed there until his death.
His music.
Cabezón was one of the greatest composers of his time. He was good at writing music which sounded just right for the organ and the clavichord. He used the techniques of other composers of his time, but added some very special effects. Instead of just putting in a lot of ornamentation to make the music interesting, he enjoyed creating tension between harmony and melody.
He wrote "diferencias" (sets of variations) which use Spanish tunes which were often dances such as the folia, pavan and galliard. Many of his organ compositions are called " glosas ". Each one has something very special to say.

San_Luis_Pass
San Luis Pass is a strait of water at the south-western end of Galveston Island off the shores of the U.S. state of Texas. It connects the sheltered waters of West Bay to the open Gulf of Mexico.

Contact
Contact means to touch physically or to communicate with.

26_Proserpina
26 Proserpina is a Main belt asteroid.
It was found by R. Luther on May 5, 1853.
It is named after the Roman goddess Proserpina, the daughter of Ceres and the Queen of the Underworld.

Tagged_Image_File_Format
Tagged Image File Format (also known as TIFF) is a container format for storing images, including photographs and line art. It is now under the control of Adobe. Originally created by the company Aldus for use with what was then called "desktop publishing," TIFF is a popular format for color and black and white images. The TIFF format is widely supported by image-manipulation applications, by publishing and page layout applications, by scanning, faxing, word processing, optical character recognition and other applications. Adobe Systems, which acquired Aldus, now holds the copyright to the TIFF specification. TIFF has not had a major update since 1992, though several Aldus/Adobe technical notes have been published with minor extensions to the format, and several specifications, including EP, have been based on the TIFF 6.0 specification.

27_Euterpe
27 Euterpe is a big Main belt asteroid.
It was found by J. R. Hind on November 8, 1853 and named after Euterpe, the Muse of music in Greek mythology.
Euterpe is one of the brightest asteroids in the night sky.

Opabinia
"Opabinia" is a fossil animal found in Cambrian fossil deposits. Its sole species, "Opabinia regalis", is known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia. The discoverer of "Opabinia",Charles Doolittle Walcott, named it after a local mountain, Opabin Peak in the Canadian Rockies.
Thirty specimens of Opabinia are known and each ranges in size from 40- 70 mm. The most intriguing feature of Opabinia are its five eyes found on the dorsal surface of the head. These eyes were used to search for food. Because of it's flexible body it is not known whether Opabinia was pelagic or benthic.

Jambhala
Jambhala is the wealth-giving form of Avalokiteśvara or Chenrezig, the bodhisattva of compassion. Jambhala's blessings are to help others by eliminating poverty, so that they may practice the Dharma. There are five Jambhalas - Yellow Jambhala (overcomes pride), White Jambhala (overcomes attachment), Black Jambala (overcomes resentment), Green Jambhala (overcomes jealousy) and Red Jambhala (overcomes greed). For instance, the White Jambhala is shown sitting on a turquoise dragon and his left hand holds a mongoose that spews out precious jewels.

Edouard_Lalo
Edouard Lalo (born Lille, 27 January 1823; died Paris, 22 April 1892) was a French composer.
His life.
His family originally came from Spain. Edouard learned to play the piano and violin at the Lille Conservatory, but his parents did not want him to take music as a profession. So he left home when he was 16 and went to Paris. He took some lessons and earned money by teaching and playing the violin. He liked chamber music. Not many people in France were interested in chamber music at that time. With three friends he formed a string quartet and they helped to make the string quartets of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven better known in France. He played the viola in his quartet, and later he played second violin. In 1859 he composed a string quartet.
It was not until the 1870s, when he was already in his 50s, that he started to become really well known. Some famous conductors such as Pasdeloup, Lamoureux and Colonne and the violinist Sarasate took an interest in his orchestral works and performed them. He wrote a violin concerto and a work called "Symphonie espagnole" ("Spanish Symphony") which was also for solo violin and orchestra. Sarasate played both these works. He wrote a cello concerto in 1877.
He wrote an opera "Le roi d’Ys", but no opera house wanted to perform it. They asked him to write a ballet instead. He did not know anything about ballet, but he composed one called "Namouna". It had some good music, although people who did not like him said it sounded like Wagner or like the music of someone who is used to writing symphonies.
In 1888 his opera "Le roi d’Ys" was performed at last. It was an enormous success, but Lalo only had four more years to live, and he did not compose anything more of importance. He had married one of his pupils in 1865 and they had a son.
His music.
In France Lalo is mainly remembered for his opera "Le roi d’Ys", but in other countries his best known work is his "Symphonie espagnole". It is not really a “symphony”, it is a violin concerto. It has five movements and there are lots of lively, Spanish rhythms. His cello concerto is also an excellent work.
References.
The New Grove Dictionary of Music & Musicians ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980

Auenstein,_Switzerland
Auenstein is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
It is located about 3km northwest of Lenzburg.

Hard-Fi
Hard-Fi are a popular indie rock band from Staines an area of London, England. They are named after Lee Scratch Perry's description of his studio. They have had two hit albums in the UK charts: "Stars of CCTV" and "Once Upon a Time in the West". Their most successful songs include "Suburban Knights" and "Hard to Beat".

List_of_divinities_in_Japanese_mythology
This is a list of divinities native to Japanese beliefs and religious traditions. Many of these are from Shinto, while others were imported via Buddhism or Taoism and "integrated" into Japanese mythology and folklore.
Shinto.
The following is a list of some of the major and minor deities in Shinto. As it is often said that there are "yaoyorozu-no-kami"(八百万の神) or 8 million kami (a representation of an infinite number), it would be impossible to list them all.
Major kami.
Inari (稲荷)
Tenjin (天神)
Buddhism.
Amida Nyorai (無量光佛 or 無量壽佛)
The Seven Lucky Gods.
Ebisu (恵比須, 恵比寿, 夷 or 戎)

Kitsune
(is the Japanese word for fox. Foxes are a common subject of Japanese folklore. Stories depict them as intelligent beings and as possessing magical abilities that increase with their age and wisdom. Foremost among these is the ability to assume human form. While some folktales speak of kitsune employing this ability to trick others — as foxes in folklore often do — others portray them as faithful guardians, friends, lovers, and wives.
Foxes and human beings lived in close proximity in ancient Japan; this companionship gave rise to legends about the creatures. Kitsune have become closely associated with Inari, a Shinto "kami" or spirit, and serve as his messengers. This role has reinforced the fox's supernatural significance. The more tails a kitsune has — they may have as many as nine — the older, wiser, and more powerful it is. Because of their potential power and influence, some people make offerings to them as to a deity.

Burlington,_Vermont
Burlington is a city in the American state of Vermont. It is the county seat of Chittenden County. Burlington was first settled in 1783. It became a city in 1865.
Population.
Burlington is Vermont's largest city. It has a population of about 40,000 people. It is the smallest American city that is also the largest in it's state. Burlington has a metropolitan population of about 210,000.
Geography.
The city is located on the east bank of Lake Champlain. Burlington has an area of about 15.5 sq miles. It sits at a elevation of 200 feet.

Niña
The Niña was one of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed to the new world. The others were the Pinta and the Santa Maria Nina also is an Indian girl name meaning beautiful eyes or lovely eyes. Also, in Spanish it means girl.

Saas_Fee
Saas-Fee is the main village in the Saastal or the Saas Valley and is a municipality of the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Ian_Beale
Ian Beale is a fictional character in "EastEnders". He is played by Adam Woodyatt.
Ian is the son of Pete and Kathy Beale.

Bruce_Molsky
Bruce Molsky (b. Manhattan, New York, 1955) is an American fiddler, banjo player, guitarist, and singer.

Pat_Evans
Pat Evans is a fictional character in EastEnders. She has been played by Pam St. Clement since 12 June 1986.

59_Elpis
59 Elpis is a very big main belt asteroid. Being a C-type asteroid it is very dark and carbonaceous. Elpis was found by J. Chacornac on September 12, 1860. It was the sixth and last asteroid he found. It is named after Elpis, a personification of hope in Greek mythology.

Mobile_browser
A mobile browser (also called a microbrowser or minibrowser) is a web browser made for use on a mobile device like a mobile phone or PDA. Mobile browsers are made to display Web content in the best way for small screens on mobile devices.

65_Cybele
65 Cybele is one of the biggest asteroids in the main belt. It gives its name to the Cybele asteroids which orbit outward from the Sun from the 2:1 orbital resonance with Jupiter. As a C-type asteroid it is dark in color and made of carbonate. It was found on March 8 1861 by Ernst Tempel and named after Cybele the earth goddess.
The first Cybelian stellar occultation was seen on October 17, 1979 in the Soviet Union. A diameter of 230 km was concluded, closely matching the diameter of 237 km determined by the IRAS satellite. During the same occultation, a hint of a possible 11 km wide moon was detected.

69_Hesperia
69 Hesperia is a big, M-type main belt asteroid.
Hesperia was found by the famous Italian astronomer Giovanni Schiaparelli on April 26, 1861. It was the only asteroid he found. It is named after one of the Hesperides in Greek mythology.

601
__NOTOC__

81_Terpsichore
81 Terpsichore is a big and very dark main belt asteroid. It is most likely made up of carbonate. It was found by the prolific comet finder Ernst Tempel on September 30, 1864. It is named after Terpsichore, the Muse of dance in Greek mythology.

Arena
Arena is a web browser made by the W3C for testing support for HTML 3 and Cascading Style Sheets.

Brave_New_World
"Brave New World" is a novel by Aldous Huxley. It was first published in 1932. The novel plays in London in 2580, and speaks of developments in reproductive technology, biological engineering, and sleep-learning that change society.

Pago_Pago,_American_Samoa
Pago Pago is a village in American Samoa. It is the capital of the country but not the Seat of government. The population of Pago Pago is about 11,000.

Plans_(drawings)
Plans are a set of two-dimensional diagrams or drawings used to describe a place or object, or to communicate building or fabrication instructions. Usually plans are drawn or printed on paper, but they can take the form of a digital file.
Views and Projections.
Because plans represent three-dimensional objects on a two-dimensional plane, the use of views or Graphical projections is crucial the reading of plans.

Biberstein
Biberstein is a municipality of the district Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Lake_Zürich
Lake Zürich is a lake in Switzerland, that goes southeast of the town Zürich.

Böttstein
Böttstein is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Adelboden
Adelboden is a municipality of the district of Frutigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Aya_Ueto
(born September 14, 1985 in Nerima, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress, idol and singer. She debuted the spectacle society by having won the jury's special award by "All-Japan national nymph contest".

Parallel_projection
In linear algebra and functional analysis, a projection is a linear transformation "P" from a vector space to itself such that "P"2 = "P". Projections map the whole vector space to a subspace and leave the points in that subspace unchanged.

113_Amalthea
113 Amalthea is a fairly common rocky Main belt asteroid orbiting in the closer areas of the belt. It was found by R. Luther on March 12, 1871. One of Jupiter's closer small moons is also called Amalthea. The name comes from Amalthea of Greek mythology.
Amalthea is thought to be a piece from the mantle of a Vesta-sized parent body that broke up around one billion years ago, with the other major remnant being 9 Metis.

Zetzwil
Zetzwil is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Bünzen,_Switzerland
Bünzen is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Döttingen,_Switzerland
Döttingen is a municipality of the district Zurzach in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Alpnach
Alpnach is a municipality of the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland.

124_Alkeste
124 Alkeste is a big Main belt asteroid. It is an S-type. C.H.F. Peters found the asteroid on August 23, 1872, and named it after Alcestis, a woman in Greek mythology. Only one stellar occultation by Alkeste has been seen. It passed over the third magnitude star Beta Virginis on June 24, 2003. The event was seen from Australia and New Zealand.

Bob_Bryar
Robert Nathaniel Cory "Bob" Bryar (born December 31, 1979 in Chicago, Illinois) is the drummer for My Chemical Romance. Bryar joined My Chemical Romance after former drummer Matt Pelissier suddenly left the group while on tour in Japan in 2004. Bibbles bobbles boo
he has three dogs one of which is called dixie.He loves dixie.
Bob Bryar was born in Chicago, and was born on December 31, 1979.
Other websites.
bob has an unhealthy obsession with his iphone, wich he loves very much!

132_Aethra
132 Aethra is a M-type main belt asteroid. It was found by James Craig Watson in 1873. It has a rather eccentric orbit that sometimes brings it closer to the Sun than the planet Mars. It was the first such Mars-crosser asteroid to be found.
The changing light curve of the asteroid means that it has a stretched or non-spherical shape for its body.
It is named after Aethra, the mother of Theseus in Greek mythology.

Wiliberg
Wiliberg is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Untersiggenthal
Untersiggenthal is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Thalheim,_Aargau
Thalheim is a municipality of the district of Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Staffelbach
Staffelbach is a municipality of the district of Zofingen in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Chamoson
Chamoson is a municipality of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Frick,_Switzerland
Frick is a municipality of the district Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in the country of Switzerland.

Hägglingen
Hägglingen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

137_Meliboea
137 Meliboea is a big and very dark main belt asteroid. It is made of carbonaceous materials. It is the biggest body in the Meliboea family of asteroids. Only 791 Ani is close in size. It was found by J. Palisa on April 21, 1874. It was the second of the many asteroids he found. It is named after one of the two Meliboeas in Greek mythology.

141_Lumen
141 Lumen is a dark (C-type), big rocky asteroid 130 km in diameter orbiting in the Main belt near the Eunomia family of asteroids. It is not, however, physically related to the group, being of the wrong spectral class.
It was found on January 13, 1875 by the brothers Paul Henry and Prosper Henry, but Paul is the one who was given the credit for finding this asteroid. It is named after ', a book by the astronomer Camille Flammarion.

Ministry_of_the_Interior_of_Germany
The Ministry of the Interior of Germany is a ministry of the federal government.It is based in a brand new building in the Moabit area of Berlin-Mitte. The BMI has a second office in Bonn. It is not the same as the United States Department of the Interior.
The ministry handles affairs about security and police, so it is more like the British Home Office.
Each state also has a ministry of the interior.
Responsibility.
The Federal Ministry of the Interior is responsible for the security inside Germany, the protection of the constitution, the public service, the organisation of the public administration, the civil defence, information technology and sports. The BMI also buys motor vehicles for the federal government, and has its own motor vehicle registration office.
Health and Safety Standards.
The various State laws about health and safety do not apply to the Federal Government. Instead the BMI is the with health and safe authoirty for all federal bodies. It keeps the federal accident reigster.
The European Union sometimes complains that this is wrong. It says that the Federal health and safety authority should be independent.
Agencies under the authority of the BMI.
Bundesausgleichsamt (BAA) Federal Equalization of Burdens Office (helping small states which need to spend a lot of money for some jobs)
Bundesamt für Migration und Flüchtlinge Federal Office of Migration and Refugees (BAMF)
Bundesakademie für öffentliche Verwaltung Federal Academy for Public Administration (BAköV)
Bundesbeauftragter für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit Federal Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (BfD)
Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV)
Bundespolizei Federal Police (BPol) (formerly: "Bundesgrenzschutz Federal Border Guard" (BGS))
Bundesinstitut für Bevölkerungsforschung Federal Institute for Population Research (BIB)
Bundesinstitut für Sportwissenschaft Federal Institute for Sports Science BISp)
Bundeskriminalamt Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA)
Bundesamt für Kartographie und Geodäsie Federal Office of Cartography and Geodesy (BKG)
Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung Federal Office for Civic Education (bpb)
Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik Federal Office of Information Technology Security (BSI)
Bundesverwaltungsamt Federal Administration Office (BVA)
Bundesamt für Bevölkerungsschutz und Katastrophenhilfe Federal Office of Civil Protection and Disaster Assistance (BBK)
Schutzkommission beim Bundesminister des Innern Security Commission of the Federal Minister of the Interior
Fachhochschule des Bundes für öffentliche Verwaltung Federal College for Public Administration (FH bund)
Koordinierungs- und Beratungsstelle der Bundesregierung für Informationstechnik in der Bundesverwaltung Coordination and Advice Centre for Information Technology in the Federal Government (KBSt)
Statistisches Bundesamt Federal Statistical Office (destatis)
Technisches Hilfswerk Emergency relief organisation (THW)
Unabhängige Kommission zur Überprüfung des Vermögens der Parteien und Massenorganisationen der DDR Independent Commission for Checking the Property of the Parties and Mass Organisations of the DDR (UKPV)|
Vertreter des Bundesinteresses beim Bundesverwaltungsgericht Federal Interests Representative at the Federal Administrative Court (VBI)
Beauftragter der Bundesregierung für Aussiedlerfragen und nationale Minderheiten Federal Ombudsman for Resettled Persons and National Minorities
Bundesanstalt für den Digitalfunk der Behörden und Organisationen mit Sicherheitsaufgaben Federal Agency for Digital Radio of Security Authorities and Organizations(BDBOS.)

Bonfol
Bonfol is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Baroclinic
In fluid dynamics, the baroclinity (sometimes called baroclinicity) is a measure of the stratification in a fluid. A baroclinic atmosphere is one for which the density depends on both the temperature and the pressure; contrast this with barotropic atmosphere, for which the density depends only on the pressure. In atmospheric terms, the barotropic zones of the Earth are generally found in the central lattitudes, or tropics, whereas the baroclinic areas are generally found in the mid-lattitude/polar regions.

Nantucket,_Massachusetts
Nantucket is an island 30 miles (48.3 km) south of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in the United States.

Cape_Lookout_(North_Carolina)
Cape Lookout is southern point of the South Core Banks, one of the natural barrier islands on the Atlantic coast of North Carolina, USA. It delimits Onslow Bay to the west from Raleigh Bay to the east. An area of the banks to either side of it has been designated the Cape Lookout National Seashore.
Cape Lookout stands at 34°36'19"N, 76°32'10"W, and is part of Carteret County, 11 miles southeast of Beaufort, NC.

Plymouth,_Massachusetts
Plymouth (historically known as Plimouth and Plimoth) is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. It is the largest municipality in Massachusetts by area. The population was 51,701 at the 2000 census, with its estimated 2007 population being 57,901. Plymouth is one of two county seats of Plymouth County, the other being Brockton. It is named after Plymouth, Devon, United Kingdom, which is, in turn, named for the mouth of the river Plym.

Xenogears
"Xenogears" is a 1999 roleplaying video game created by Squaresoft. The main character is named Fei and he does not like gears or fighting.

159_Aemilia
159 Aemilia is a big Main belt asteroid. This slowly rotating, dark asteroid is made of carbonates.
It orbits within the Hygiea family, although it may be an unrelated asteroid orbiting within the family, as it is too big to have been formed from the cratering process that most likely formed that family.
Aemilia was found by the brothers Paul Henry and Prosper Henry on January 26, 1876. The credit for finding the asteroid was given to Paul. It is probably named after the Via Aemilia, a Roman road in Italy that runs from Piacenza to Rimini.
Two stellar occultations by Aemilia have been recorded so far, the first in 2001 and the second in 2003.

162_Laurentia
162 Laurentia is a big and dark Main belt asteroid.
It was found by brothers Paul Henry and Prosper Henry on April 21, 1876 and named after A. Laurent, a non-professional astronomer who found the asteroid 51 Nemausa.
An occultation by Laurentia was seen from Clive, Alberta on November 21, 1999.

Oud
The oud is a pear-shaped, stringed instrument. It is similar to a modern western lute. It does not have frets. It is commonly used in Middle Eastern music and East African music.

Allegra_Versace
Allegra Versace (born in Milan on June 30, 1986) is the daughter of designer Donatella Versace and ex-male fashion model Paul Beck.

Foreign_Secretary
The Foreign Secretary is the Minister in charge of the United Kingdom's Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Until the 1960s, the Foreign Secretary only handled relations with foreign countries and international organisations. The was a separate Commonwealth Secretary and a Colonial Secretary, but all three are now joined into one.
The Foreign Secretary's is one of the four Great Offices of State

Grandfontaine,_Switzerland
Grandfontaine is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Montignez
Montignez is a municipality of the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Jonen
Jonen is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

172_Baucis
172 Baucis is a fairly big Main belt asteroid. It is an S-type asteroid.
It was found by Alphonse Borrelly on February 5, 1877 and named after a character in the Greek legend of Baucis and Philemon.

Künten
Künten is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

175_Andromache
175 Andromache is a big Main belt asteroid.
It was found by J. C. Watson on October 1, 1877 and named after Andromache, wife of Hector during the Trojan War.

Meisterschwanden
Meisterschwanden is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

181_Eucharis
181 Eucharis is a big, slowly rotating Main belt asteroid. It is classified as a K-type asteroid. It is named after Eucharis, a Greek nymph.
It was found by French astronomer Pablo Cottenot on February 2, 1878 from Marseille Observatory. It was the only asteroid he found.

Alexandra_Dahlström
Alexandra Dahlström (born February 12, 1984) is a Swedish actress. She was born in Gävle, Sweden, and grew up in Stockholm. Her mother is Russian, and her father Swedish. She speaks both Swedish and Russian.
Career.
Dahlström gained international attention in 1998, after starring as "Elin" in the movie "Fucking Åmål". For this, she won the Guldbagge Award for Best Actress, together with Rebecka Liljeberg. After "Fucking Åmål" she receiving numerous offers to work in other movies, but she declined the offers, because she wanted to concentrate on finishing school. In 2002, Dahlström worked as assistant director and Russian translator,for Lukas Moodysson, with his movie "Lilya 4-ever". From the 5 March 2007 Alexandra will be participating in the Dutch soap opera Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden on RTL 4. She will play a Swedish exchanges student called Skylar Nilsson.
Personal life.
She lived alone in Stockholm after graduating high school. She continued to act in theatre. After a several-year break, Dahlström again starred in the movie "Fröken Sverige" (Miss Sweden)gaining nice comments. During the autumn of 2004 she was the DJ for the biggest late night talk show in Sweden, called 'Late Night with Luuk', which she had been originally interviewed on in May 1998 with Rebecka Liljeberg for her acting in "Fucking Åmål". After completing her studies, she now lives in Rome, Italy and is again pursuing a serious acting career.

Ark_of_the_Covenant
The Ark of the Covenant (ארון הברית in Hebrew: "aron hab'rit") is described in the Bible as a holy container where the tablets of stone with the Ten Commandments and other holy Israelite pieces are contained.
According to the Biblical account, the Ark was built at the command of God, following Moses' prophetic vision on Mount Sinai (Exodus 25:9-10).
Terminology.
The Hebrew word "aron" is used in the Bible to designate any type of ark or chest, for any purpose (Genesis 50:26; 2 Kings 12:9, 10). The Ark of the Covenant is distinguished from all others by such titles as "Ark of God" (1 Samuel 3:3), "Ark of the Covenant" (Josh. 3:6; Hebrews 9:4), "Ark of the Testimony" (Ex. 25:22).
The Ark (aron kodesh in Hebrew meaning holy cupboard) is a raised cupboard found in Jewish Synagogues which contains the holy Torah scrolls. These are all written by hand and can take years to make. It is always on the wall of the Synagogue which faces towards Jerusalem.
When the Ark is opened and the Torah removed for reading everyone stands in respect of God. During some prayers and services the Ark doors an inner curtain (parochet) are kept open.
Description.
The Bible describes the Ark as made of acacia or shittah-tree wood. It was a cubit and a half broad and high, and two and a half cubits long (about 130 cm × 78 cm × 78 cm or 4.29 × 2.57 × 2.57 feet, for Egyptian royal cubit was most likely used). The Ark was covered all over with the purest gold.
See also.
Middle Eastern: Israel
People: Joshua, Samuel, Solomon

193_Ambrosia
193 Ambrosia is a main belt asteroid.
It was found by J. Coggia on February 28, 1879 and named after Ambrosia, the food of the gods in Greek mythology.

Tuscan_Archipelago
The Tuscan Archipelago is a chain of islands between the Ligurian Sea and Tyrrhenian Sea, west of Tuscany, Italy.
The archipelago contains the islands of Elba (the largest island of the group), Pianosa, Capraia, Montecristo, Giglio, Gorgona and Giannutri, all of which are protected as part of the Tuscan Archipelago National Park.

Adamsville,_Ohio
Adamsville is a village of Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. The population is 127 people as of 2000.
The village has an area of.1 square miles, according to the United States Census Bureau.

Santa_Maria_Island
The island of Santa Maria (Portuguese for Saint Mary) is an island located in the southeastern part of the Azores and is the southernmost island in the Azores Islands. It was the first island in the Azores Archipelago to be discovered. The discoverer of the island was Diogo Silves during his journey to Madeira in 1427. Gonçalo Velho brought families and cattle to the island.

199_Byblis
199 Byblis is a fairly big main belt asteroid.
It was found by C. H. F. Peters on July 9, 1879 in Clinton, New York and named after Byblis, an incestuous lover in Greek mythology.

202_Chryseïs
202 Chryseïs is a big, lightly coloured Main belt asteroid. It is probably made of silicate rocks.
It was found by C. H. F. Peters on September 11, 1879 in Clinton, New York.
It was named after the mythical Trojan woman Chryseis.

204_Kallisto
204 Kallisto is a big main belt asteroid. It is classified as an S-type asteroid. Like other asteroids of its type, it is light in colour.
It was found by Johann Palisa on October 8, 1879 in Pola.
The asteroid was named after the same nymph Callisto in Greek mythology as Jupiter's moon Callisto.

Rostrevor
Rostrevor (in Irish: "Ros Treabhair", ie Trevor’s Wood, also "Caislean Ruairi", ie Rory's Castle) is a village in County Down, Northern Ireland. It lies on Carlingford Lough and the hill of Slieve Martin, at the base of the Mourne Mountains and on the Kilbroney River. It had a population of 2,444 in the 2001 Census. The town is known for its folk music festival. It lies within the Newry and Mourne District Council area. The name 'Rostrevor' first appeared circa 1618 and was named after Rose Ussher (the daughter of Henry Ussher, the Anglican Archbishop of Armagh) by her husband Edward Trevor (who came from Brynkynallt in Wales).

Niederwil,_Aargau
Niederwil is a municipality of the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Oberrohrdorf
Oberrohrdorf is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

Inagua
Inagua is the southernmost district of the Bahamas comprising the islands of Great Inagua and Little Inagua.
Great Inagua is the third largest island in the Bahamas at 596 square miles (1544 km²) and lies about 55 miles (90 km) from the eastern tip of Cuba. The island is about 55 × 19 miles (90 × 30 km) in extent, the highest point being 108 ft (33 m) on East Hill. It encloses several lakes, most notably the 12-mile long Lake Windsor (also called Lake Rosa) which occupies nearly ¼ of the interior. The population of Great Inagua is 969 (2000 census).

Acetic_acid
Acetic acid or ethanoic acid (CH3COOH) is a kind of carboxylic acid, which is often called vinegar. It tastes and smells sour. Its melting point is 16.5 °C(61.6°F) and boiling point is 118.1 °C(244.5 °F).

Ministry_of_Defence_of_Germany
The Federal Ministry of Defence (BMVg) is a Ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. At present the headquarters of the ministry are still in Bonn with 3230 working in the Hardthöhe. The second office employs about 500 people in the Bendlerblock in Berlin.
Organisation.
Operatively the General Staff of the Defence Forces (or "FÜ S", which is short for) is the most important, it has seven sections divided into 42 smaller sections
The press and information staff and the planning staff work directly under the minister
Federal Minister of Defence.
In peace time the Federal Minister of Defence is commander in chief of the Armed Forces, not the Federal President.
If Germany is attacked, or about to be attacked, command passes to the Chancellor.
History.
In 1950 Chancellor Konrad Adenauer gave Thordore Blank the job of preparing for the time when Germany could have an army. In December 20 people where working in the "Blank Office". On 7 June 1950 it had 1300 employees, and became the Federal Ministry of Defence.a German About 20 employees started with intensive groundworks with the name "the representative of the Chancellor for the questions being connected with the increase of the allied troops" in Blank's office in December 1950. Until June 1955 this so-called duty Blank grew up on over 1300 employees. It was renamed in Federal Ministry for defence on June 1955. The name was changed into Federal Ministry of defence on December 1961 and was seen as one of the "classic departments". At German reunification the National People's Army (Nationale Volksarmee) of East Germany was made part of the Federal Armed Forces. Not long after this, Germany's army took part in the war in Kosovo. The first time that Germany's army had been sent to fight outside Germany since the end of World War II

Prato
Prato is a city in Tuscany, Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Prato.
Prato's economy has been based upon the textile industry, since 1400.
Prato is also a centre of the slow food movement, with many other local specialities, including cantucci, a type of biscotti.
Since the late 1950s, the city has had a big amount of immigration, first from southern Italy, then other countries. Since the late 1980s a large Han community has settled in the city. With a population of more than 180,000 people, Prato is Tuscany's second largest city. It is the third largest in Central Italy, after Rome and Florence.
History.
In 1512 the city was attacked by the Spanish troops sent by Pope Julius II to capture the nearby city of Florence for the Medici family. The attack caused much damage to Prato. It led to the surrender of the Florentine Republic and control by the Medici family. The army killed 50,600 citizens of Prato in the streets.
Main monuments.
Prato is home to many museums and other cultural monuments. These include the Filippo Lippi frescoes in the Cathedral of Santo Stefano which has been restored in 2006. The Cathedral has an external pulpit by Donatello.
"Palazzo Pretorio", the old town hall, was built at the end of the 13th century in red bricks. Sections in white brick were added later. In the 16th century an outside staircase and a clock were added. Also notable is the "Palazzo Datini", the home of the merchant Francesco Datini built from 1383. It has decorations by Florentine artists like Agnolo Gaddi and Niccolò Gerini. In 1409, it housed Pope Alexander V and Louis of Anjou. The "Palazzo degli Alberti" (12th century) is home to an artgallery with works by Filippo Lippi ("Prato Madonna"), Giovanni Bellini ("Crucifix with Jew Cemetery") and Caravaggio ("The Crowning with Thorns").
Another major attraction of the city is the Centro per l'arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci, a museum and education centre concerned with contemporary arts.
Prato is also the home of the Monash University a very nice centre for learning English.

Reinach,_Aargau
Reinach is a municipality of the district of Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

220_Stephania
220 Stephania is a Main belt asteroid. It is a P-type asteroid, meaning it is fairly dark and made of organic rich silicates, carbon and anhydrous silicates.
It was found by Johann Palisa on May 19, 1881 in Vienna.
The name honours Crown Princess Stéphanie, wife of the heir-apparent Crown Prince Rudolf of Austria.

Arctic_Cordillera
The Arctic Cordillera is a mountain range running along the northeastern coast of North America from Ellesmere Island to the northernmost tip of Labrador. It is the only major mountain range in Canada east of the Rocky Mountains. The range has a surface area of 218,225 km2. Its highest point is 2,616 m (8,583 ft) at Barbeau Peak.

Scherz
Scherz is a municipality of the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.

226_Weringia
226 Weringia is a common Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Johann Palisa on July 19, 1882.
It was named after Währing, part of Vienna, the city where the asteroid was found.

228_Agathe
228 Agathe is a small Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Johann Palisa on August 19, 1882 in Vienna.

Astano
Astano is a municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Octahedron
An octahedron is a polyhedron with eight sides and is made of eight equilateral triangles, four of which meet at each top.

Wilmington,_North_Carolina
Wilmington is a city in New Hanover County, North Carolina, United States. The population was around at 96,000 during 2006;. It is the county seat of New Hanover County. It was named in honor of Spencer Compton, the Earl of Wilmington, who was Prime Minister at the same time as George II was King of England.

Hurricane_Fabian
Hurricane Fabian was a powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane that hit Bermuda in early September during the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. Fabian, the sixth named storm, fourth hurricane, and first major hurricane of the season, developed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean on August 25. It moved west-northwestward under the influence of the subtropical ridge to its north, and steadily strengthened in an area of warm water temperatures and light wind shear. The hurricane attained a peak intensity of 145 mph (230 km/h) on September 1, and it slowly weakened as it turned northward. On September 5, Fabian made a direct hit on the island of Bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph (195 km/h). After passing the island, the hurricane turned to the northeast, and became extratropical on September 8.
Fabian was the strongest hurricane to hit Bermuda since Hurricane Arlene in 1963. It was both the most damaging and the first hurricane to cause a death on the island since 1926. The hurricane's powerful winds resulted in moderate damage and destroyed roofs throughout the island. A strong storm surge associated with the hurricane killed four people crossing a causeway on Bermuda, temporarily closing the only link between two islands. The endangered Bermuda Petrel, better known as the Cahow, was threatened by the hurricane, which destroyed ten nests, although volunteer work transported the species to a safer location. Strong swells resulted in damage in northern Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic, and also caused four people to drown along the United States' Atlantic coast. In all, Fabian caused around $300 million (2003 USD, $330 million 2006 USD) in damage and eight deaths.

St._David's_Island,_Bermuda
St. David's Island is one of the main islands of Bermuda. It is located in the far north of the territory, one of the two similarly sized islands that makeup the majority of St. George's Parish.

Cape_Breton_Island
Cape Breton Island (French: "île du Cap-Breton" - formely "île Royale", Scottish Gaelic: "Eilean Cheap Breatuinn", Míkmaq: "Únamakika", simply: "Cape Breton") is an island on the Atlantic coast of North America. It likely corresponds to the European word "Breton", referring to Brittany.

Bodio
Bodio is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

249_Ilse
249 Ilse is a Main belt asteroid. It has an unusually slow rotation period, about 3.5 days.
It was found by C. H. F. Peters on August 16, 1885 in Clinton, New York and was named after Ilse, a legendary German princess.
Due to the long rotation period, a possible moon of Ilse was suggested by R. P. Binzel in 1987. No evidence of it has been provided, however.

Pansexuality
Pansexual, also known as 'omnisexual' is a word that means any person who is sexually attracted to males, females, and people that are not male "or" female.
The word 'pansexual' comes from the Greek word 'pan-', meaning "all", as pansexuals are attracted to all genders.
Pansexuality is often noted as a combination of sexual attraction to one or both genders of the human species as well as one or both genders of many times of animals. Some pansexuals claim the name as to avoid the term, "beastial".
Pansexuality is a type of bisexuality because people are attracted to men and women, but also everything else as well. Some pansexual people say that gender is not important.
Pansexuality is the opposite of Asexuality, as pansexuality means a person is sexually attracted to everyone, but asexuality means a person is sexually attracted to no one.

260_Huberta
260 Huberta is a big asteroid orbiting near the farther edge of the Main belt. It is dark and has lots of carbon.
It belongs to the Cybele group of asteroids and may have been trapped in a 4:7 orbital resonance with Jupiter.
It was found by Johann Palisa on October 3, 1886 in Vienna and was named after Saint Hubertus.

262_Valda
262 Valda is a small Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Johann Palisa on November 3, 1886 in Vienna.
Where the name came from is unknown.

266_Aline
266 Aline is a fairly big Main belt asteroid. It is a dark C-type asteroid and is probably made of primitive carbonaceous material.
It was found by Johann Palisa on May 17, 1887 in Vienna and is thought to have been named after the daughter of astronomer E. Weiss.

Calpiogna
Calpiogna is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Bassecourt
Bassecourt is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Mollis
Mollis is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

Schwanden,_Glarus
Schwanden is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland. The lake Garichtisee can be reached by cable car.

Sergeant
Sergeant is a rank used in most militaries, policeforces, and other uniformed organizations around the world. The word comes from the Latin "serviens", "one who serves", through the French term "Sergent".
A sergeant (Sgt) in the British Army wears three point-down chevrons, or "checks" on their sleeve. They usually serves as a platoon, troop, or group sergeant, or in a specialist position.
A Lance-Sergeant (LSgt) was originally a Corporal doing the work of a Sergeant. The job is now used mostly in the Guards, where it is given to all Corporals. A Lance-Sergeant in the Guards and Honourable Artillery Company wears three chevrons, and is considered senior or higher up to "normal" Corporals. For most purposes, he still remains a Corporal rather than an acting Sergeant (e.g., he will typically command a section). In the Household Cavalry, the same rank is Lance-Corporal of Horse.
The official spelling was Serjeant (Sjt) (still used by The Rifles) until after World War II, although the modern spelling had already been in common use for many years.

277_Elvira
277 Elvira is a common Main belt asteroid and a member of the Koronis asteroid family.
It was found by Auguste Charlois on May 3, 1888 in Nice.

Joe_Biden
Joseph Robinette Biden, Jr. (born November 20, 1942) is an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington, Delaware. He is a member of the Democratic Party,the incumbent senior U.S. Senator from Delaware and the Vice President-elect of the United States, after the 2008 presidential election. He is the chairman of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations. He was a candidate for the Democratic Party's nomination in the 2008 presidential election. Biden dropped out of the race on January 3, 2008 after he did not get many votes in the Iowa caucus.

Angus_Young
Angus McKinnon Young (born on 31 March 1955) is a Scottish-born Australian guitarist and songwriter. He is one of the founders of the Australian hard rock band DC. He is known for his style of playing the guitar, his very active performance while on stage, and schoolboy-uniform clothing. He was ranked 96th on "Rolling Stones list the 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. Young uses Gibson SG guitars often but he also owns Telecasters, Firebirds and ES335s.

287_Nephthys
287 Nephthys is a big Main belt asteroid. It is classified as an S-type asteroid.
It was found by C. H. F. Peters on August 25, 1889 in Clinton, New York.

William_H._Macy
William Hall Macy, Jr. (born March 13, 1950) is an Emmy Award-winning and Academy Award-nominated American actor. He is also a teacher and director in theatre, movie and television. Macy has described his screen persona as "sort of a Middle American, WASPy, Lutheran kind of guy... Everyman".

Adam's_apple_(disambiguation)
An adam's apple is a protrusion in the front of the throat.

Sarabande
A sarabande (spelt sarabanda in Italian), is a dance that was popular in Baroque music in the 17th and early 18th centuries.
Composers of the Baroque period often composed a group of several dances. This was called a suite. There was usually an allemande, a courante, a sarabande and a gigue, in that order, and sometimes one or two other dances or as well.
The sarabande was a slow dance with 3 beats in a bar (3/4 time). There was always a small stress on the second beat of the bar. The note on the first beat would often be played quite short so that the second beat would feel heavy. Like the other dance movements in the suite, the sarabande was in binary form.
The sarabande seems to have come from Central America where it was known as "zarabanda". Although it was mainly used in the Baroque period, composers in the 20th Century such as Debussy, Satie, Howells and Britten sometimes wrote sarabandes.
Perhaps the most famous sarabande is one written by an unknown composer. The piece is called "La folie espagnole". Many Baroque composers such as Monteverdi and Corelli and even some modern ones used this well-known tune.
Movies.
The sarabande has been used a lot in movies, including one by Ingmar Bergman called "Saraband" (2003). It uses the sarabande from the 5th suite for solo cello by Bach.

Altentreptow
Altentreptow () is a town in the Demmin Rural District, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. Altentreptow is the chief town of the Treptower Tollensewinkel amt
It is on the river Tollense, north of Neubrandenburg and south of Greifswald.
Name.
The town was called Trybethowe in 1175. From 1191 it was being called Trebutowe, and Tributowe in 1245. The name Treptow was being used is 1254. In 1295 the Latin "Antiquum Treptow" was used. This means Old Treptow, or in
Until 1939 the city's name was "Treptow an der Tollense" (Treptow on the Tollense).
Fires.
The town was burned down several time in the 1500s. Later, during the Thirty Years War the Holy Roman Empire's army was forced to leave the town by the Swedish Army. Later Prussian troops returned, threw the Swedes out, and looted (robbed) the town.
The Modern Town.
By the 18th century wars had made the town very poor. The city wall was taken down to get new land for growing food.
1869 a new city hall was built and there were cloth weavers and spinning mills as well as farmers in the city.
Later a new mill, but this was burned down ´in 1999. A railway line connected the town with Neubrandenburg and Stralsund, and a school, a bank, a hospital and a post office were opened.
1888 a dairy cooperative was started, and they opened new building in 1995.
Electricity arrived in the city in 1916. This encoraged more people to move to the city and build.
The official name of the city was "Treptow an der Tollense" until 26 January 1939.
A big residential area arose with 1049 flats was built between 1960 and 1985. In the middle of the 1960s the old primary school was changed to a home for old people and a zoo was opened in 1972.
Altentreptow was the capital of the Landkreis (administrative district) Altentreptow from 1952 to 1994.
After the German reunification the old town centre was rebuilt. A modern hospital was opened with 108 beds in 2001.

Massa
Massa is a town and "comune" in Tuscany, Italy, in the centre of province of Massa-Carrara.Located in the northern part of the Tuscany region.
Location.
Massa is near the sea, and has a population of approximately 69,000 inhabitants, distributed in five areas.
Tourism.
The Massa area has an high number of touristists, and it's famous for concentration of some 600 industrial and craft activities where are working about 7,000 people.
Together with the twin town of Carrara, Massa is worldwide known for the extraction and production of marble.
History.
From the 15th to the 19th century, Massa was the capital of the independent Principate (later Duchy) of Massa and Carrara, controlled and ruled by the Malaspina and Cybo-Malaspina families.
In 1829, the city was handed by the Austrian Este family. In 1859, during the unification of Italy process, it joined the Kingdom of Sardinia

Lockheed_U-2
"For the band, see U2 (band)."
The U-2 (nicknamed the Dragon Lady) is an espionage fixed-wing aircraft made by Lockheed (now Lockheed Martin). It first flew in 1955 and was introduced in 1957. It flies a lot like a glider. It was made during the Cold War, because the United States needed a way to look at the Soviet military from high up. Taiwan also used it to spy on China.
The United States wanted to keep the purpose of the U-2 secret, but on May 1, 1960, Francis Gary Powers was shot down in his U-2 by a Soviet SAM SA-2 missile. In 1962, Powers was released and traded for captured Soviet spy Rudolf Abel. After this, the SR-71 Blackbird started spying on the Soviet Union, which was faster and harder to see on radar.
The U-2 is still in service even though the design is over 50 years old.
U-2 details (U-2S model).
The U-2S is 62.99 feet (19.20 meters) long, 104.99 feet (32 meters wide), and is 15.75 feet (4.80 meters) tall. It weighs 14,991 pounds (6,800 kilograms) empty, but when full, it weighs 41,006 pounds (18,600 kilograms). It is powered by one General Electric F118-101 engine with 17,000 pounds (7711.2 kilograms) of thrust. It can go 475 miles per hour (764 kilometers per hour), fly 7,000 miles (11,265 kilometers) without refueling, and can fly 69,593 feet (21,212 meters) high.

305_Gordonia
305 Gordonia is a fairly common, although big Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Auguste Charlois on February 16, 1891 in Nice.

Channel
In a "general sense" channel means connection.

Static_RAM
The Static Random Access Memory (Static RAM) is a high speed memory. Static RAM is a type of RAM that gets its data without an external refresh. For as long as power is supplied to the circuit.
SRAM has many differences to Dynamic RAM (DRAM). The first of all is duty to refresh memory many time per second to hold its data contents. The second one is that SRAMs are also used for specific applications within the PC, where their strengths outweigh their weaknesses compared to DRAM.
Positive differences.
SRAMs don't require external refresh circuitry or other work in order for them to keep their data intact, they are also faster than DRAM.
Negative differences.
A SRAM is more expensive than DRAM. SRAMs take up much more space than DRAMs. That is the reason why is SRAM more expensive then DRAM.
Summary.
SRAM is manufactured in a way rather similar to how processors are: highly-integrated transistor patterns photo-etched into silicon. Each SRAM bit is composed of between four and six transistors. Which is why SRAM takes up much more space compared to DRAM. To compare with DRAM. DRAM has only one transistor plus a capacitor. SRAM chip is comprised of thousands or millions of identical cells. That is much easier to make than a CPU, which is a large die with a non-repetitive structure. This is one reason why RAM chips cost much less than processors do. See this discussion of how processors are manufactured; this process is similar (but simplified somewhat) for making memory circuits.

309_Fraternitas
309 Fraternitas is a common Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Johann Palisa on April 6, 1891 in Vienna.

Montagnola
Montagnola is a small Swiss village in the Collina d'Oro municipality. Along with the villages of Agra and Gentilino, it makes the new municipality of Collina d'Oro.

Curio,_Switzerland
Curio is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Philosophy_of_science
Philosophy of science is the part of philosophy that studies sciences. Philosophers who are interested in philosophy of science try to explain how a human knowledge, that means all that we are able to understand, could be a science (by induction and observation, by deduction, or by an other method ?), what kind of explanation is science and what exactly science could teach us about nature and universe.
Popular ideas about science.
The word “science” is used in everyday life language in a lot of domains that don't seem to concern directly philosophy of science. For example, when one says that science proves something, one means that this thing is absolutely true. Advertising uses so the word “science” to give to some object more value, because one believes that if science says that a product has a certain property, then it "must have" this property.
More generally, science is conceived like something as a knowledge about the world that we must believe. And we think usually that such a belief is right because scientifical truths are proved by direct observation of the facts. In this view, a scientist simply describes what he observes by the means of his senses, that is to say, what he can observe in experience.
A “naive” conception of science.
For the common sense, then, science begins with observations: all scientific knowledges come from the facts of experience, and theories are produced by the observation of this facts and could then be tested by prediction.
---> INDUCTION -----> LAWS AND THEORIES -----> DEDUCTION --->
FACTS OF EXPERIENCE PREDICTIONS AND EXPLANATIONS
Although the majority of philosophers don't think that this conception could be true, it shows to us the essential notions of philosophy of science: fact, induction, law, and so on. The aim of the philosophy of science is to understand what we really mean by those notions and how we could define them for justify the scientifical knowledge.
Universal laws.
If such a regularity is observed at all times and all places, it is then expressed in a form called "universal law". A universal law says to us that when something is, at any times and any places, then an another thing must be. For example, if "fire is hot" is an universal law, when there is (or was or will be) fire in a place of the universe, it's absolutely certain that, in all cases, fire "is hot".
In this logical expression, (x) means "all x", that is to say, "in any case where there is a x". x itself is what is called a variable, that is to say, that it can refer to a lot of things, for example, "some material body." Px means that "x is P" or "has the property P", and Qx means that "x is Q" or "has the property Q". The symbol ⊃ links Px to Qx, and corresponds to the English "if... then..." We can then read the expression "(Px ⊃ Qx)" in this way: "if x is P, then x is also Q."
Rudolf Carnap gives the following illustration for understand this logical expression: "For every body x, if that body is heated, that body will expand". This illustration is the law of thermal expansion. Of course, this sentence is a very simplified formulation of this law.
A universal law can then be describe as a law that says that if there is a x, and if x is P (or has the property P), then x is Q (or has the property Q). Such a description is the simplest one, but doesn't describe all kind of scientific laws.
Statistical laws.
The symbol formula_2 is a "exclusive disjunction", and, in this example, it means that "x is Q" is true or "x is R" is true, but when "x is Q" is true, "x is R" is false, and when "x is R" is true, "x is Q" is false. We know that one or the other must be true, but we don't able to determine simply by the means of a universal law which of them is true and which of them is false.
However, even in such a case, a kind of law is sometimes possible. Indeed, by counting boys and girls, we know that about half of the children born each year are girls. Therefore, there is a measure of the fact that each child is a boy or a girl, and this measure is a law that is called a "statistical law".
What teachs us exactly a statistical law ? It teaches us that a fact happens a certain number of times, what is called a "frequency", and it defines the "probability" that the fact happens. Therefore, if x is a child, if we don't know if this child is a boy or a girl, however we know that half a time a child is a boy.
Facts and laws.
When we know an universal or a statistical law, we think that we have some knowlegde about objects of the world. Both kind of laws learn us something about what is called "facts." A fact is a singular thing or a singular event; for example, "this morning, the sun rose" is a fact, and we can express this fact by a sentence. When we know a fact, we have only the knowledge of this fact in this singularity, and therefore such a sentence don't tell us why that is so.
1 is the universal law we want to apply to "a". "a" is a particular object.
2 means that "a" has the property P: for example, we have observe that "a is P".
3 is the deduction that logically follows 1 and 2: if a has the property P (2), then a has the property Q (3). Therefore, if we know 1 (the law that explains some facts) and 2 (a fact that corresponds to Px), we can predict 3 (a new fact) and explain it by 1.
The problem of induction.
Scientific laws allow men to discover and predict new facts. But a more fundamental question, for philosophers and for scientists, is to understand how we can generalize our observations, and if this kind of generalisations that we call laws are really valid.
As we have seen, for the naive conception of science, laws come directly from facts of experience. If we observe a lot of times a fact A in various situations, and if we observe that all A we have seen have the property B, then we could conclude that all A must have the property B. This is the basic formulation of the principle of induction.

Frasco
Frasco is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

San_Gimignano
San Gimignano is a small hill town in the province of Siena, Tuscany, Italy. San Gimignano is famous for the medieval towers, and for the wine, called "Vernaccia di San Gimignano".
History.
San Gimignano was founded as a small village in about 1300 BC by the Etruscans. The name of the city come from by a saint, Saint Geminianus, who had defended it from Attila's Huns.
In medieval and Renaissance times, it was a stopping point for pilgrims on their way to Rome and the Vatican as it sits on the medieval via Francigena.
In 1199, during the period of its highest splendour, the city made itself independent from Volterra.
Important places.
There are many churches in the town: the two main ones are the "Collegiata", a cathedral, and "Sant'Agostino".
The Communal Palace is now the home of San Gimignano Gallery. Hhere there are works by Pinturicchio, Benozzo Gozzoli, Filippino Lippi, Domenico di Michelino, Pier Francesco Fiorentino, and others.
The heart of the town contains the four squares, "Piazza della Cisterna", "Piazza Duomo", "Piazza Pecori", and "Piazza delle Erbe".
Culture.
San Gimignano is the birthplace of the poet Folgore da San Gimignano (1270-1332).
"Tea with Mussolini", a 1999 drama about English and American women in Italy during World War II, was filmed in part at San Gimignano.

Iragna
Iragna is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

326_Tamara
326 Tamara is a big Main belt asteroid. It is classified as a C-type asteroid and is probably made of carbonaceous material.
It was found by Johann Palisa on March 19, 1892 in Vienna.

Lodrino,_Switzerland
Lodrino is a municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

337_Devosa
337 Devosa is a big Main belt asteroid. It is classified as an M-type asteroid.
It was found by Auguste Charlois on September 22, 1892 in Nice.

Intel_Core
Intel Core is a name of family 32-bit processors with dual-core, projected and produced by Intel Company. Intel Core processors are based on Pentium M technology. Those processors are more advanced than Intel P6 architecture. This architecture is getting replaced by new Core 2 microarchitecture. In the Core family are two groups: the Duo (with two cores) and Solo (Duo with one disabled core) processors. The Solo line replaced Pentium M one-core processor.
September 2006 and January 4, 2008 mark a discontinuation of many Core branded CPUs.
Yonah.
Yonah is a company name for Intel's first generation of microprocessors for mobile computers. Sale Core Duo was started in 5 January 2006 with rest elements of Napa platform. It was the first Intel processor to be used in Apple Macintosh computers. Yonah does not have 64-bit function. Intel 64 technology is used in newer Intel's processor- Core 2 Duo.
Intel Core Duo has two cores,2 Mebibytes L2 cache for both cores, and an arbiter bus that controls L2 cache and FSB access. In future, newer Core Duo processors versions will be able switch off one core to save the energy.
Intel Core Solo uses same two-core die, as a Core Duo, but one core doesn't work. Only one core is active. In the past Intel was doing similar policy in case of 486 CPU.
Advantages and shortcomings.
Duo version of Intel Core (Yonah) has two cores, which give performance per watt almost as good as single-core processors. In computer machines operating with batteries, this translates to getting as much total work done per one battery charge like in old computers.
Core based processor- Intel Xeon Sossaman LV (low-voltage), for servers, also does not have Intel 64-bit function. Results of this fact was more serious- all new server system have support for x86-64, and Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 even requires a 64-bit processor to run.
On July 27, 2006, Intel released newer Core version- Core 2.

Dakini
In Hinduism and Buddhism, a dakini is a female being like a goddess. They are mostly found in Tibetan Buddhism. The dakini inspires spiritual practice. A dakini is often depicted as beautiful and naked. The nakedness represents the freedom of the mind.
The Chinese and Tibetan terms for "dakini" literally mean "she who travels in the sky"; this is sometimes written poetically as "sky dancer". Their bodies are depicted curved in sinuous dance poses.
Dakinis are associated with energy. They are linked with the revelation of the path of transformation. They help people to change the energy of negative emotions, called poisons "(kleshas)", into enlightened awareness.
Appearance.
Images tend to show the dakini as a young, naked figure in a dancing posture, often holding a skull cup filled with menstrual blood or the elixir of life in one hand, and a curved knife in the other. She may wear a garland of human skulls, with a trident staff leaning against her shoulder. Her hair is usually wild and hanging down her back, and her face often wrathful in expression, as she dances on top of a corpse, which represents her complete mastery over ego and ignorance.
Events.
Tibetan Buddhists believe that a Dakini gave a black hat to the third Karmapa, Rangjung Dorje (1284 - 1339), when he was three years old. The Black Crown became the emblem of this Tibetan lineage known as the Karma Kagyu.

James_Branch_Cabell
James Branch Cabell (1879 - 1958) was an American author of fantasy fiction. His name is pronounced "CAB-ble".
Life.
Cabell was born and lived most of his life in Richmond, Virginia. He spent the winters in Florida until the death of his first wife in 1949. He retired in Florida.
Cabell was born into a wealthy Virginian family. His father, Robert Gamble Cabell II (1847–1922), was a physician. His mother, Anne Harris (1859–1915), was the daughter of Col. and Mrs James R. Branch. Cabell's great-grandfather, William H. Cabell, was Governor of Virginia from 1805 to 1808. Cabell was the oldest of three boys. His brothers were Robert Gamble Cabell III (1881–1968) and John Lottier Cabell (1883–1946). His parents separated and were later divorced in 1907.
He went to the College of William and Mary in 1894 at the age of fifteen. He graduated in 1898. While an undergraduate, Cabell taught French and Greek at the college. Ellen Glasgow, a writer and close friend of Cabell said that he had a friendship with a professor at the college which some people thought was "too intimate". Because of this, Cabell had to leave the college. He was later allowed back and finished his degree.
Cabell worked from 1898 to 1900 as a newspaper reporter in New York City. He returned to Richmond in 1901. In Richmond, he worked several months for the "Richmond News".
Many things happened to Cabell in 1901. His first stories were accepted for publication. It was believed for a short time that Cabell murdered John Scott, a wealthy person in Richmond. There was a rumor that Scott was "involved" with Cabell's mother.
In 1902, seven of his stories appeared in national magazines. Over the ten years, he wrote many short stories and articles. These were published in well-known magazines including "Harper's Monthly Magazine" and the "Saturday Evening Post".
Between 1911 and 1913, he worked for his uncle in the office of the Branch coal mines in West Virginia. On November 8, 1913, he married Priscilla Bradley Shepherd. She was a widow with five children from an earlier marriage. In 1915, Priscilla gave birth to a son, Ballard Hartwell Cabell. Priscilla died in March of 1949. In June 1950, Cabell married Margaret Waller Freeman.
During his life, Cabell published fifty-two books. These included novels, genealogy, collections of short stories, poetry, and miscellanea. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1937. Today, the modern languages house and an endowed law professorship at the College of William and Mary are named for him.
Cabell died of a cerebral hemorrhage. He is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond.
In 1970, Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond named its main campus library "James Branch Cabell Library". In the 1970s, Cabell's library and personal papers were moved from his home on Monument Avenue to the James Branch Cabell Library. The collection includes some 3,000 volumes, manuscripts, notebooks and scrapbooks, periodicals, letters (including conversations with noted writers such as H.L. Mencken, Ellen Glasgow, Sinclair Lewis and Theodore Dreiser), newspaper clippings, photographs, criticisms, printed material, publishers' agreements and statements of sales.
The VCU undergraduate literary journal at the university is named Poictesme after the fictional province in his book "Jurgen".
Works.
Cabell published about fifty books. Most of these are not well known. His eighth book, "Jurgen", (1919) was the most popular. The hero, Jurgen, goes on a journey through ever more fantastic places. He even goes to hell and heaven. Everywhere he goes, he seduces the local women, even the Devil's wife.
The book was seen as being bad by the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice. They tried to bring a prosecution for obscenity. The case went on for two years before Cabell and his publishers won. Many of the things in the book were double entendres. They had one meaning which was bad and also had a decent meaning. It appeared that what had actually offended the prosecution most was a joke about papal infallibility. Cabell took an author's revenge. The new edition of 1926 included a 'lost' section which was not in the earlier version. In it, the hero is put on trial by the Philistines. A large dung beetle is the chief prosecutor.
Other works include "Figures of Earth". This introduces Manuel the Redeemer. He took control of a realm by playing on others' expectations. His motto is "Mundus Vult Decipi". This means 'the world wishes to be deceived'. "The Silver Stallion" is a sequel. It deals with the adventures of the knights in Manuel's company after he left them.
Cabell is now forgotten by most people but his work affected later writers of fantasy fiction. Robert Heinlein's "Job, A comedy of Justice" has an appearance of the Slavic god Koschei (from "Jurgen"). Fritz Leiber's "Swords of Lankhmar" was also affected by Jurgen. Jack Vance's "Dying Earth" books show a similar style to Cabell's writing. Cugel the Clever in those books is very similar to Jurgen.

Billy_Ray_Cyrus
Billy Ray Cyrus (born 25 August 1961) is a Grammy nominated American country singer and actor. He is is best known for his popular single "Achy Breaky Heart" (1992). From 2001 to 2004, he starred in the television series "Doc". It was a series about a rural doctor who moves from a ranch to a large city. As of 2006, he is in the Disney Channel television series, "Hannah Montana", which stars his daughter, Miley Cyrus.
Achy Breaky Heart.
"Achy Breaky Heart" is Billy Ray's first single and his biggest hit. It is a country song written by Don Von Tress in 1989. Originally the lyrics were "achin' breakin' heart" but were changed to "achy breaky heart" by Billy Ray Cyrus on his 1992 album "Some Gave All".

349_Dembowska
349 Dembowska is a big main belt asteroid with a very high albedo of 0.384. Of the asteroids with a diameter bigger than 75km, only 4 Vesta has a higher known albedo.
It is classified as an R-type asteroid and may have had some melting/differentiation.
Dembowska and 16 Psyche have orbits that repeat themselves almost exactly every five years in respect to their position to the Sun and Earth.
There was on occultation in 2006 and one on December 5, 2007.
It was found by Auguste Charlois on December 9, 1892 in Nice.

357_Ninina
357 Ninina is a very big Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Auguste Charlois on February 11, 1893 in Nice.

362_Havnia
362 Havnia is a common Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Auguste Charlois on March 12, 1893 in Nice.

Pharaoh's_Island
Pharaoh's Island is an island in the River Thames, England.
Location.
The island is above Shepperton Lock. It can only be reached by boats.
History.
The island belongs to Admiral Nelson after he had fought in a battle on the Nile and had used it as a place to fish.

Second_Temple
The Second Temple (Hebrew: בית המקדש meaning 'Holy House') was the reconstructed Temple in Jerusalem which stood between 516 BCE and 70 CE. During this time, it was the center of Jewish worship. The Romans destroyed Jerusalem and its Second Temple on August 4th of 70 CE.

Richard_Cromwell
Richard Cromwell (4 October 1626 – 12 July 1712) was the third son of Oliver Cromwell, and the second Lord Protector of England, Scotland and Ireland, for little over eight months, from 3 September 1658 until 25 May 1659. Richard Cromwell's enemies called him "Tumbledown Dick" and "Queen Dick".
Richard Cromwell was not suited to ruling the country. He followed his father as ruler only because he was Oliver's oldest surviving son, and people expected one of Oliver's sons to follow him. After a short time, he gave up power and he knew that many of the people wanted King Charles II to return from Holland and rule the country. When it was agreed that Charles would return, Richard thought it would be best for him to leave Britain, and he went to live in France for a while. He changed his name to "John Clarke" and travelled around Europe, not returning home for twenty years. When he came back, he lived quietly outside London for the rest of his life.
Stories about Richard.
There are rumours that the nursery rhyme "Hickory Dickory Dock" is actually about Richard Cromwell's reign, since the mouse in the rhyme runs down when the clock strikes one and Cromwell only reigned for one year.

369_Aëria
369 Aëria is a big Main belt asteroid. It is classified as an M-type asteroid.
It was found by A. Borrelly on July 4, 1893 in Marseilles.

Jenkem
Jenkem is an alleged drug that was supposedly invented in poor parts of Africa.
Appearence.
When it is ready to be used, it is a gas. It is created from feces left in a container to ferment for a long time
Effects.
When breathed in, Jenkem makes the person see crazy things. It is like a crazy dream, the person imagines things happening that are not really happening. The person may also hear sounds that are not relly there. This is called a hallucination. Jenkem is also used to make a person happy. Because it is made out of fermented waste (or old poop), it is also very stinky.
Dangers of using Jenkem.
Because Jenkem is human waste and is inhaled (huffing), the person can get a nasty infection because of the dirt and germs in the waste. It also leaves a nasty taste of poop in the mouth for days.

Republic_of_Venice
The Most Serene Republic of Venice (, Venetian: "Republica de Venesia"), was an Italian state in a place of current Venice. It existed for one thousand one hundred years, from the late 7th century until the late 18th century (1797).

Ludiano
Ludiano is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Cataracts_of_the_Nile
The cataracts of the Nile are shallow stretches between Aswan and Khartoum where the water's surface is broken by numerous small boulders and stones that lye on the river bed, as well as many small rocky islets.
The six first cataracts of the Nile were the main obstacles for boats sailing on the Nile in antiquity. Counted upstream (from north to south), the First Cataract is in modern Egypt; the rest are in Sudan.
The word cataract comes from the Greek kataraktes meaning "waterfall".
In ancient times, Upper Egypt extended from the Nile Delta to the first cataract, while further upstream, the land was controlled by the ancient Kush civilization, that would later take over Egypt.

List_of_record_labels_starting_with_a_number
This is a list of notable record labels starting with numbers.

384_Burdigala
384 Burdigala is a common Main belt asteroid.
It was found by F. Courty on February 11, 1894 in Bordeaux. It was the first of the two asteroids he found. The other was 387 Aquitania. Burdigala is the Latin name of the city of Bordeaux.

387_Aquitania
387 Aquitania is a fairly big Main belt asteroid. It is classified as an S-type asteroid.
It was found by F. Courty on March 5, 1894 in Bordeaux. It was the second of the two asteroids he found. The first was 384 Burdigala.

397_Vienna
397 Vienna is a common Main belt asteroid. The Tholen spectral type is "S" and the SMASSII spectral type is "K".
It was found by Auguste Charlois on December 19, 1894 in Nice.

Baldwin_County,_Alabama
Baldwin County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama.
It is named in honor of Abraham Baldwin, a member of the United States Senate from Georgia who never actually lived in Alabama. In 2000 the population was 140,415. The estimated 2005 population from the U.S. Census Bureau is 162,586. The county seat (capital city) is Bay Minette.
History.
Baldwin County was made on December 21, 1809 ten years before Alabama became a state. Before this, the county had been a part of the Mississippi Territory until 1817 when the area passed into the Alabama territory
The borders of the county has often changed, and many armies have invaded.
In the first days of Baldwin County, the town of McIntosh Bluff (now in Mobile County) on the Tombigbee River was the county seat. Then the county seat moved to the town of Blakeley in 1810, and then to the City of Daphne in 1868. In 1900, by an Act of the Legislature of Alabama said that the county seat should move to the City of Bay Minette. The City of Daphne was not happy about this move, because being the county seat meant more people visit the city and businesses can sell more. To move the county seat to Bay Minette, some men from Bay Minette pretended that there had been a murder. When the sheriff and his deputy left the City of Daphne to look for the murderer the men from Bay Minette went to the City of Daphne. These men got the records from the Baldwin County Courthouse and took them back to the City of Bay Minette. A New Deal mural in the Bay Minette post office is a painting of this story.
Baldwin County is close to the Gulf of Mexico. This is why it often has tropical weather systems which often are Hurricanes. Weather dameage can sometimes be very bad, and sometimes the county is made a "disaster area". For example in September 1979 due to damage from Hurricane Frederic, in July 1997 due to Hurricane Danny, in September 1998 from Hurricane Georges in September 2004 due to damage from Hurricane Ivan and again in August 2005 due to damage from Hurricane Katrina.
Geography.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of. of it is land and is water. Baldwin County is the 12th largest county east of the Mississippi River.
Environment.
Two parts of Baldwin County have been called "Outstanding Alabama Water" by the Alabama Environmental Management Commission which oversees the Alabama Department of Environmental Management. As of April, 2007, only two other areas in Alabama have received what is the "highest environmental status" in the state. The areas are
Officials think that having very clean areas of water and sea will encourage tourists to vistit the county.
People.
The census in 2000, there were 200,100 people, 55,336 households, and 40,284 families living in the county. The population density was 88 people per square mile (34/km²).
The people in the county are 87.15% White, 10.29% Black or African American.
There were 55,336 households out of which 31.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.30% were married couples living together, 10.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.20% were non-families. 23.30% of all households were made up of individuals and 9.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.94.
Education.
All public schools in Baldwin County are operated by Baldwin County Public Schools.

Le_Corbusier
Charles-Edouard Jeanneret-Gris (birth name), (October 6, 1887 – August 27, 1965), known by the popular name of Le Corbusier, was an architect and writer born in Switzerland. In the 1930s, he became a French citizen. He is famous for his theories about Modern Architecture. His plans included the improvement of housing for people in large cities. This was because many people lived in poverty at that time. Many of his designs have been built across the world.
He also liked to paint and was skilled at designing furniture.
Early life.
Le Corbusier grew up in La Chaux-de-Fonds, a small town in the north of Switzerland. In 1907, aged 19, he moved to the French city of Paris. He travelled across Europe, and learned a lot of new ideas. He learned to speak German and worked with famous architects, such as Peter Behrens.
The World War.
During World War I, Le Corbusier went back to Switzerland and became a teacher. Soon, he opened his own architectural business with his cousin, and they worked together until 1940. It was in 1918 that he met a painter, Amédée Ozenfant, who would become a great friend. They combined their ideas to create a new type of art called Purism.
Post-World War.
After the war, Le Corbusier concentrated on his art until 1922. After this, he began designing apartments that could be stacked on top of each other, to house people and meet their needs. This type of low-density housing was to deal with the problem of over-crowding in Paris. He said this transformation was needed, or a revolution could occur from the unhappy lower classes. He created a design for an ideal city (Ville Contemporaine) that was never built. It was a plan developed around a lot of skycrapers. He presented this plan to the French government, who refused it. This did raise their awareness of overcrowding in the city though.
1930s.
Le Corbusier began to dislike capitalism, and said that people's house size should depend on the size of their family, and not by how rich they were.
Later life.
Le Corbusier was not active in politics from 1942. Instead, he built "unités", smaller housing blocks around France. This is illustrated in the design below.
His name.
The name, Le Corbusier, is French. It is a different version of his grandmother's surname, Lecorbésier. The name translates in to English as "the crow like one". He chose this name in 1920.

Dominican_peso
The Dominican peso is the money of the Dominican Republic. Its official name is "Peso oro" and its symbol is "$" with RD in front of it ("RD$") to differentiate it from other "pesos" or "dollars". The ISO 4217 for the Dominican peso is DOP. Each peso is divided into 100 "centavos" (English, "cents").
History.
The first Dominican peso was introduced in 1844. It replaced the Haitian money. In 1905, the peso was replaced by United States currency. The peso oro was introduced in 1937, although the US dollar continued to be used alongside the peso oro until 1947.
Coins were introduced in 1937 in denominations of 1, 5, 10, 25 and 50 centavos. Since 1991, coins of denominations 1, 5, 10 and 25 pesos have been introduced. However, due to inflation, coins below 1 peso are now rarely found. Banknotes in use are 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000 and 2000 pesos.

Carpe_diem
Carpe diem is a famous phrase from one of the poems of Horace.
The poem in Latin and English.
The poem is originally from "Odes" 1.11. It is given in Latin and English below.
What it means.
Especially during the Baroque era, the phrase was important. In the 17th century there was the Thirty Years' war, which lasted roughly from 1618 to 1648. For the people of the time, death was present almost everywhere. To compensate for that there were the concepts of "Carpe diem" (There is little time left, use it as best you can), "Vanitas" (Vanity; things are not what they seem), and Memento mori (Remember you will die).
Better translation.
A better translation of the phrase would probably be "pluck the day" (as a fruit might be plucked from a tree).

408_Fama
408 Fama is a common Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Max Wolf on October 13, 1895 in Heidelberg.

Politics_of_Germany
The Politics of Germany is based on a federal parliamentary democratic republic
The Federal Chancellor is the head of government, and of the majority group in the legislature (law making body) which is called the Bundestag.
Executive power is exercised by the government.
The power to make federal law is given to the government and the two parts of parliament, the Bundestag and Bundesrat.
From 1949 to 1990, the main political parties were the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), with its "sister party", the Christian Social Union of Bavaria (CSU).
After the reunification of Germany the Green Party and Alliance '90(Die Grünen) became more important and was in government between 1999 and 2005.
Other important political parties after reunification have been the PDS (Party of Democratic Socialism) which was based on East Germany's Socialist Unity Party of Germany. It joined with The Left Party (Die Linkspartei) of western Germany. In 2007 Die Linke and WASG joined together under the leadership of Oskar Lafontaine
Rights and the constitution.
The political system is set out in the 1949 constitution, the "Grundgesetz" (Basic Law), which stayed in effect after 1990's German reunification.
The constitution puts freedom and human rights first. It also splits powers both between the federal and state levels and between the legislative (law-making), executive (government), and judicial (courts) branches. The 1949 "Grundgesetz" was written to correct the problems with the Weimar Republic's constitution. The Weimar Republic collapsed in 1933 and was replaced by the dictatorship of the Third Reich.
The Federal Courts.
The courts of Germany are independent of the government and the lawmakers. Senior judges are appointed by the Bundestag for a fixed term.
Federal executive branch.
The "Bundeskanzler" (Federal Chancellor) heads the "Bundesregierung" (Federal Cabinet) and thus the executive branch of the federal government. He or she is chosen by and must report to the "Bundestag", Germany's parliament. Germany, like the United Kingdom, can thus be said to have a parliamentary system.
Konstruktives Misstrauensvotum.
The Chancellor cannot be removed from office during a 4-year term unless the "Bundestag" has agreed on a successor. This Constructive Vote of No Confidence () is stop what happened in the Weimar Republic. There the goivernment did not have a lot of support in the parliament. The small parties often joined together to vote against the government, but could never stay together and choose a new government.
Except in the periods 1969-72 and 1976-82, when the social democratic party of Chancellor Brandt and Schmidt came in second in the elections, the Chancellor has always been the candidate of the largest party. Usually the largest party is helped by one or smaller more parties to get a majority in the parliament. Between 1969-72 and 1976-82 the smaller parties decided not to help the largest party, but the second biggest party instead.
The Chancellor appoints a Vice-Chancellor (Vizekanzler), who is a member of his cabinet, usually the Foreign Minister. When there is a coalition government (which has, so far, always been the case, except for the period of 1957 to 1961), the Vice-Chancellor usually belongs to the smaller party of the coalition.
The Federal Cabinet.
The Chancellor is responsible for policy guidelines. This means he, or she, sets the broad ideas of what the government will do. To help carry out these ideas the Chancellor can change the make-up of the federal ministries whenever they want. For example, in the middle of January 2001, the Federal Ministry of Agriculture was renamed to Ministry of Consumer Protection, Food and Agriculture. This was to help fight the "Mad Cow Disease" BSE problem. At the same time some of the jobs ("competences") of the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Health were moved to the new Ministry of Consumer Protection.
Reporting to the cabinet is the Civil service of Germany.
The Federal President.
The duties of the "Bundespräsident" (Federal President) are mostly representative and ceremonial; The power of the executive is exercised by the Chancellor.
The President is elected every 5 years on May 23 by the Federal Assembly ("Bundesversammlung"). The Bundesversammlung only meets to elect the President. Its members are the entire "Bundestag" and an equal number of state delegates selected especially for this purpose in proportion to election results for the state parliaments.
In May 2004, Horst Köhler of the CDU was elected. The reason that the President is not directly elected by the people is to stop him from claiming to be more powerful than the government and the constitution, which happened in the Weimar Republic.
1) Although Mr. Köhler has been a member of the CDU the German Basic Law requests in Article 55 that the Federal President does not hold another office, practice a profession or hold a membership of any corporation. Accordingly every Federal President has let his party membership rest dormant and does not belong to a political party during his term of office.
Federal parliament.
Germany has a bicameral legislature, that means that the parliament has two houses. The "Bundestag" (Federal Diet) has at least 598 members, elected for a four year term. Half of the members (299) are elected in single-seat constituencies according to first-past-the-post. The other 299 members are chosen from statewide party lists.
The total percentage of constituency members and regional list members a party has should equal the percentage of votes that a party gets. This is called proportional representation.
Because Voters vote once for a constituency representative, and a second time for a party Germany is said to have mixed member proportional representation.
Sometimes a party already has more constituency seats in a "land" (state) than it should have to keep the percentage of votes and seats equal. The party does not lose seats. Instead it gets no land seats. This means that the Bundestag sometimes has more than 598 members. In the current parliament there are 16 overhang seats, giving a total of 614.
A party must get 5% of the national vote or win at least three constituency seats to be represented in the "Bundestag". This rule, often called the "five percent hurdle", was made to stop lots of small parties being in the Bundestag. Small parties were blamed for the problems of the Weimar Republic's Reichstag.
The first "Bundestag" elections were held in the Federal Republic of Germany ("West Germany") on August 14, 1949. Following reunification, elections for the first all-German "Bundestag" were held on December 2 1990. The last election was held on September 18 2005, the 16th Bundestag met on October 18 2005.
The "Bundesrat" (Federal Council) is the representation of the state governments at the federal level. The Bundesrat has 69 members who are delegates of the 16 "Bundesländer". Usually the 16 Ministers President are members, but they do not have to be. The "Länder" each have from three to six votes in the "Bundesrat", depending on population. "Bundesrat" members must vote as their state government tell them.
Powers of the legislature.
The legislature has powers of exclusive jurisdiction (it can make laws by itself) and concurrent jurisdiction with the "Länder" (the länder can also make laws). What laws and what type of laws are set out in the Basic Law.
The "Bundestag" does most law making.
The "Bundesrat" must concur (agree) to laws about money shared by the federal and state governments and those making more work for the states. Often this means that the "Bundesrat" often needs to agree to a law, because federal laws are often carried out by state or local agencies.
Since the political make-up of the "Bundesrat" is often different from that of the "Bundestag", the Bundesrat is often the place for opposition parties to put their point of view, rather than for the states to look after their interests, as the constitution intended.
To limit, members of the Bundestag and the Bundesrat form a Vermittlungsauschuss which is a joint committee to try to reach agreement when the two chambers can not agree on a certain piece of legislation.
Political parties and elections.
"More info: 16th German federal election, 2005"
The Federal Council is composed by representatives of the State governments.
Judicial branch.
Germany has had a court system that was free of government control for longer than it has had democracy.
This means that the courts have traditionally been strong, and almost all state actions are subject to judicial review (being looked at by the court).
Organisation.
There is the "ordinary" courts system that handles civil and criminal cases
There is also a system of specialist courts, that deall with certain areas of the law. These generally have a state court and state appeals court before coming to the federal supreme court for that area of law. The other federal supreme courts are
Unlike the United States, all courts are state courts, except for the top level supreme courts.
Bundesverfassungsgericht.
Germany also has another supreme court, the Bundesverfassungsgericht Federal Constitutional Court. The "Grundgesetz" says that every person may complain to the Federal Constitutional Court when his or her constitutional rights, especially the human rights, have been violated by the government or one of its agencies, and after he or she has gone through the ordinary court system.
The Bundesverfassungsgericht hears complaints about laws passed by the legislative branch, court decisions, or acts of the administration.
Usually only a small percentage of these constitutional complaints, called "(Verfassungsbeschwerden)" are successful. Evenso, the Court is often angers both the government and the law-makers. The judges even say that they do not care about the reactions of the government, the Bundestag, or public opinion or about the cost of one of the court's decisions. All that matters is the constitution.
The Bundesverfassungsgericht is very high popular with ordinary people, because it protects them from government wrong doing.
Only the Constitutional Court can handle some types of cases, including arguments between government bodies about their constitutional powers.
Only the Constitutional Court has the power to ban political parties for being unconstitutional. However so far the Constitutional court has only used this power twice, outlawing the KPD (Communist Party of Germany) and the SRP (Socialist Reich Party, a successor to the NSDAP) because both parties ideas went against the constitution.
"Red-Green" vs. Conservative-led coalitions.
In the 1998 election the SPD said they wanted to reduce high unemployment rates and said new people were needed in government after 16 years of Helmut Kohl's government.
Gerhard Schröder said he was a centrist "Third Way" candidate like Britain's Tony Blair and America's Bill Clinton.
The CDU/CSU said people should look at how well off they were because of Kohl's government, and that tje CDU/CSU had experience in foreign policy.
But the Kohl government was hurt at the polls by slower growth in the east in the prvious two years, which meant the gap between east and west wideded as the west got richer and the east did not.
The final seat count was enough to allow a "red-green" coalition of the SPD with The Greens ("Bündnis '90/Die Grünen"), bringing the Greens into a national government for the first time.
The first months of the new government had policy disputes between the moderate and traditional left wings of the SPD, and some voters got fed up. The first state election after the federal election was held in Hesse in February 1999. The CDU increased its vote by 3.5 %. The CDU became the largest party, and replaced a SPD/Green coalition with a CDU/FDP coalition. The result was seen in part as a referendum on the federal government's ideas for a new citizenship law, which would have made it easier forlong-time foreign residents to become German citizens, and also to keep their original citizenship as well.
In March 1999, SPD chairman and Minister of Finance Oskar Lafontaine, who represented a more traditional social democratic position, resigned from all offices after losing a party-internal power struggle against Schröder.
In state elections in 2000 and 2001, the respective SPD- or CDU-led coalition governments were re-elected into power.
The next election for the "Bundestag" was September 22 2002. Gerhard Schröder led the coalition of SPD and Greens to an 11 seat victory over the CDU/CSU headed by Edmund Stoiber (CSU). Two factors are generally cited that enabled Schröder to win the elections despite poor approval ratings a few months before: good handling of the 2002 European floods and firm opposition to the USA's 2003 invasion of Iraq.
The coalition treaty for the second red-green coalition was signed October 16, 2002. There were a lot of new ministers.
Conservative comeback.
In February 2003, elections took place in the states of Hesse and Lower Saxony, were won by the conservatives. In Hesse, the CDU minister president Roland Koch was re-elected, with his party CDU gaining enough seats to govern without the former coalition partner FDP.
In Lower Saxony, the former SPD minister president Sigmar Gabriel lost the elections, leading to an CDU/FDP-government headed by new minister president Christian Wulff (CDU).
The protest against the Iraq war changed this situation a bit, favouring SPD and Greens.
The latest election in the state of Bavaria led to a landslide victory of the conservatives, gaining not just the majority (as usual), but two thirds of parliamentary seats.
In April 2003, chancellor Schröder announced massive labour market reforms, called Agenda 2010. This included a shakeup of the system of German job offices (Arbeitsamt), cuts in unemployment benefits and subsidies for unemployed persons who start their own businesses. These changes are commonly known by the name of the chairman of the commission which conceived them as Hartz I - Hartz IV. Although these reforms have sparked massive protests they are now credited with being in part responsible for the economic upswing and the fall of unemployment figures in Germany in the years 2006/7.
The European elections on June 13, 2004 brought a staggering defeat for the Social Democrats, who polled only slightly more than 21 %, the lowest election result for the SPD in a nationwide election since the Second World War. Liberals, Greens, conservatives and the far left were the winners of the European election in Germany, because voters were disillusioned by high unemployment and cuts in social security, while the governing SPD party seems to be concerned with quarrels between its members and gave no clear direction. Many observers believe that this election marked the beginning of the end of the Schröder government.
Rise of the Right.
In September 2004, elections were held in the states of Saarland, Brandenburg and Saxony. In the Saarland, the governing CDU was able to remain in power and gained one additional seat in the parliament and the SPD lost seven seats, while the Liberals and Greens re-entered the state parliament. The far-right National Democratic Party, which had never got more than 1 or 2 % of the vote, received about 4%, although it failed to earn a seat in the state parliament (a party must obtain at least 5% of the vote to achieve state parliamentary representation).
Two weeks later, elections were held in the eastern states of Brandenburg and Saxony: once again, overall, the ruling parties lost votes and although they remained in power, the right to far-right parties made the big leaps. In Brandenburg, the Deutsche Volksunion (DVU) re-entered the state parliament after winning 6.1% of the vote. In Saxony, the NPD entered a non-competition agreement with the DVU and obtained 9.2% of the vote, thus winning seats in the state parliament. Due to their losses at the ballots, the ruling CDU of Saxony was forced to form a coalition with the SPD. The rise of the right to far-right worries the ruling political parties.
German federal election 2005.
On May 22 2005 as predicted the SPD was defeated in its former heartland, North Rhine-Westphalia. Half an hour after the election results, the SPD chairman Franz Müntefering announced that the chancellor would clear the way for premature federal elections by deliberately losing a vote of confidence.
This took everyone by surprise, especially because the SPD was below 25% in polls at the time. On the following Monday the CDU announced Angela Merkel as conservative candidate for chancellorship.
Whereas in May and June 2005 victory of the conservatives seemed highly likely, with some polls giving them an absolute majority, this changed shortly before the election at September 18, 2005, especially after the conservatives introduced Paul Kirchhof as potential minister of the treasury, and after a TV duel between Merkel and Schröder where many considered Schröder to have performed better.
New for the 2005 election was the alliance between the newly formed Electoral Alternative for Labour and Social Justice (WASG) and the PDS, planning to join into a common party (see Left Party.PDS). With the former SPD chairman Oskar Lafontaine for the WASG and Gregor Gysi for the PDS as prominent figures, this alliance soon found interest in the media and in the population. Polls in July saw them as high as 12 %.
After success in the state election for Saxony, the alliance between the far right parties National Democratic Party and Deutsche Volksunion (DVU), which planed to leapfrog the "five-percent hurdle" on a common party ticket was another media issue.
The election results of September 18 2005 were surprising. They were very different from the polls of the previous weeks. The conservatives lost votes compared to 2002, reaching only 35%, and failed to get a majority for a "black-yellow" government of CDU/CSU and liberal FDP. The FDP polled a 10 % of the votes, one of their best results ever. But the red-green coalition also failed to get a majority, with the SPD losing votes, but polling 34 % and the greens staying at 8 %. The left party alliance reached 8.7 % and entered the German Parliament, whereas the NPD only got 1.6 %.
The most likely outcome of coalition talks was a so-called "grand coalition" between the conservatives (CDU/CSU) and the social democrats (SPD), with the three smaller parties (liberals, greens and the left) in the opposition. Other possible coalitions include a "traffic light coalition" between SPD, FDP and Greens and a "Jamaica coalition" between CDU/CSU, FDP and Greens. Coalitions involving the Left Party were ruled out by all parties (including the Left Party itself), although the combination of one of the major parties and any two small parties would mathematically have a majority. Of these combinations, only a red-red-green coalition is politically even imaginable. Both Gerhard Schröder and Angela Merkel announced that they had won the election and should become next chancellor.
On October 10, talks were held between Franz Müntefering, the SPD chairman, Gerhard Schröder, Angela Merkel and Edmund Stoiber, the CSU chairman. In the afternoon it was announced that the CDU/CSU and SPD would begin formal coalition negotiations with the aim of a Grand Coalition with Angela Merkel as the next German chancellor.
Angela Merkel is the first woman, the first East German and the first scientist to be chancellor as well as the youngest German chancellor ever. On November 22 2005 Angela Merkel was sworn in by president Horst Köhler for the office of Bundeskanzlerin.

Styrene
Styrene is a certain organic chemical compound having the chemical formula C8H8. Its chemical structure is made up of a vinyl group bonded onto a benzene ring. This benzene ring makes styrene an aromatic compound. At room temperature and pressure, styrene is a clear, colorless liquid. Other names for styrene can be "styrol", "vinylbenzene", "phenylethene", or "phenylethylene".
Uses.
Styrene is used in the chemical industry as a monomer. This means many styrene molecules can bond together to make a larger molecule called polystyrene. Polystyrene is a kind of polymer often used as a plastic. This kind of chemical reaction is called polymerization.
Styrene can also bond with other kinds of monomers to make other kinds of polymers called "copolymers". For one example, styrene has been mixed with another monomer called 1,3-butadiene to make a copolymer which is a kind of synthetic rubber. For another example, styrene is mixed with acrylonitrile and 1,3-butadiene to make a copolymer plastic called ABS (Acrylonitrile-Butadiene-Styrene).
Production.
This kind of reaction is called dehydrogenation. Hydrogen is also made by this reaction.

Zhang_Li_Yin
Li Yin Zhang (simplified Chinese: 张力尹; traditional Chinese: 張力尹; pinyin: Zhāng Lì Yǐn; Korean: 장리인), also known in Korea by her Korean name RiIn Jang, is the first and currently only Chinese solo singer to break into the Korean music industry. Li Yin has been nicknamed the "Chinese BoA". She speaks both Mandarin and Korean, and has released music in both Korea and China. She also speaks English language but has not yet released any records fully in English.
Biography.
Li Yin was born on 18 February 1989 in Sichuan, China. She grew up in a musical family, as both of her parents were professional violinists. As a child, her parents took her to their rock concerts and exposed her to a variety of music. At 3 years old, she began to learn the violin. Li Yin liked classical, American and European music so much that she says she never sang children's songs when she was a child.
As she grew older, Li Yin became more into pop music than rock music. She had to secretly listen to pop music because her parents were against it. When she was 12, she was accepted into a middle school founded by the Sichuan Music College after scoring the highest with her violin-playing, but she chose to become a singer instead. She was selected as one of the top-ten teenage singers in a national singing competition in Beijing. Eventually, her parents began to support her dream to become a singer.
Single: "Timeless" / "Y (Why...)".
Li Yin was discovered by SM Entertainment. She started training in 2003 at the age of 13 and for 3 years, she special singing and dance training under SM Entertainment. While doing so, she discovered her R&B talent.
Li Yin's debut was greatly anticipated not only in Korea, but the whole of Asia because of the promotion of her being "The Next BoA" and "The Chinese BoA." Before her official debut, it was already known that her song was a duet with popular TVXQ-member Xiah Junsu, which caused even more excitement and anticipation among the general public.
On 8 September 2006, Li Yin released her first single, "Timeless". On the first day of release, she ranked #2 on the online charts of SBS Inkigayo. The song was placed #1 on Daum's Music Video chart as well as hitting the highest search number on the famous Korean search engine Naver. The PV was ranked #1 on Melon's Video Chart for 30 days.
In early 2007, Li Yin promoted the second track of her debut single called "Y (Why...)", which is a power ballad. SM Entertainment also released a "Timeless" documentary version of her "Y (Why...)" PV. It featured her hardships while training, as well as many behind-the-scenes clips of her promotion of "Timeless", including never-before-seen footage of her and Xiah Junsu.
She also performed with boy-band TVXQ at their second Korean concert in Seoul, South Korea on 23 February 2007. She sang BoA's part in the song "Try-Angle", previously performed by BoA, TVXQ and The TRAX.
She also performed "Timeless" with Xiah Junsu at the Hallyu Expo in Korea on 8 March 2007. In July, along with Kangta, TVXQ, The Grace and Super Junior, she performed in Korea for the SMTown Summer Concert 2007.
Album: "星愿 - I WILL".
After a long year of absence without releasing any records, Zhang Li Yin announced during an interview early December 2007 that her long-awaited debut album will be released in February 2008. The album is titled "星愿 - I WILL" ("lit. Star Wish: I Will") and has been released in Korea, China, Japan, Singapore and Malaysia.

427_Galene
427 Galene is a common Main belt asteroid.
It was found by Auguste Charlois on August 27, 1897 in Nice.

Tank_(singer)
Tank (real name 呂建中 Lǚ Jiàn Zhōng, born February 6 1982) is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter. He is currently signed to HIM International Music, which also manages famous singers and groups like S.H.E, Fahrenheit and Power Station. Tank's first album, "Fighting 生存之道" was released on 23 February 2006.
Early Life.
Tank was born in Taitung, Taiwan. He is an aboriginal Taiwanese. Before releasing his debut album, Tank helped write songs for Vic Zhou and S.H.E, among many other famous C-Pop artists. By the age of 21, he was already well-known for composing more than 200 songs.
He bloomed into fame when two songs he composed, "三國戀" ("Romance of Three Kingdoms") and "給我你的愛" ("Give Me Your Love"), were used as theme songs for Taiwanese TV shows. Another song, titled as "千年淚", was used as an ending theme for the drama serial 天外飛仙. His second album "Keep Fighting!" ("延長比賽") was released on 19 January 2007. His single, "My Angel", was used for an ending theme of romantic-comedy series Hana Kimi.
Discorgaphy.
Tank is currently writing his third album. It is set to be released later in 2008

1_BC
Year 1 BC was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar.
__NOTOC__

Interstate_10
Interstate(or I-10) is a long freeway which the west side ends at Los Angeles, and the other side ends at Jacksonville. In Texas, it is one of the routes which the speed limit is per hour.

Province_of_Lucca
Province of Lucca (Italian: Provincia di Lucca) is a province in the Tuscany region of Italy. The capital of the province is the city of Lucca.
The province has an area of 1,773 km², and a total population of 372,244 (2001). There are 35 "comuni" (singular: "comune") in the province.

Magadino
Magadino is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

444_Gyptis
444 Gyptis is a very big Main belt asteroid. It is classified as a C-type asteroid and is probably made of carbonaceous material.
It was found by J. Coggia on March 31, 1899 in Marseilles.

452_Hamiltonia
452 Hamiltonia is an asteroid. It was found by James Edward Keeler on December 6 1899, but was then lost until 1987. Its provisional name was 1899 FD. The asteroid is named for Mount Hamilton, the site of Lick Observatory where Keeler was working when he found the asteroid.

462_Eriphyla
462 Eriphyla is an Main belt asteroid. It was found by Max Wolf on October 22, 1900. Its temporary name was 1900 FQ.

UEFA_Cup
The UEFA Cup is a tournament for teams that did not make the UEFA Champions League. They qualify by being second best and not making the best competition.
The current cup holders are the Spanish team Sevilla F.C. They won by beating Espanyol three penalties to one (3-1) after 120 minutes did not separate the two teams. The two teams were tied at two goals to two goals(2-2).

Melide,_Switzerland
Melide is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Melide is known world-wide for the famous Swissminiatur, a museum that shows famous buildings in Switzerland presented in miniature form.

Brunstad_Conference_Center
Brunstad Conference Center (BCC) is a conference centre in Stokke, Vestfold in Norway. The centre is owned and managed by the Christian fellowship called "Den Kristelige menighet". They are often called "Smith's Friends". The Smith's friends bought the farm at Brunstad near Stokke in Melsomvik in 1956.
The center was used for their own conferences. In 2000 Smith's Friends, decided to let others use the building. The old meeting hall which seated 4,700 was replaced by a new meeting hall, with space for 6,800 people, and a tent camp with over 600 caravan spots was fixed and replaced with just as many cabins, which were rented by the members of the church.
Maintenance and development of Brunstad is still done by volunteers. During the building project and during arrangements, members are used as voluntary workers, or paid expenses. Money for the expansion project came for the most from the effort from the "A-lag" (A-team), where the church's youth from all over the world participate and do voluntarily work.
BCC is now a modern location for events and conferences. Brunstad has several restaurants, a cafeteria style restaurant, a large coffee bar, and a grocery store.
BCC got a lot of stories in the media in 2004 when BCC bought Østre Bolærne island from the Norwegian Military. After a lot of media attention, BCC agreed to cancel the sale, and the town of Vestfold Fylkeskommune became the new owner. Instead, BCC was able to buy property on Syningen in Hallingdal.
Events.
Every year one of the biggest shows at Brunstad Conference Center is the Arctic Equestrian Games, Norway's biggest horse show. It was first held in February, 2006.

471_Papagena
471 Papagena is an asteroid. It was found by Max Wolf on June 7, 1901. Its provisional name was 1901 GN.
Papagena comes to a favorable near opposition apparent magnitude of better than magnitude 9.6 every five years. On September 30 2010 it will be magnitude 9.56 and will get brighter every five years until December 12 2035 when this late to be found asteroid will shine at magnitude 9.16.

481_Emita
481 Emita is a minor planet orbiting the Sun. It was found by Luigi Carnera in 1902. Its provisional name was 1902 HP.

Nestorianism
Nestorianism is a movement within Christianity. The idea behind the doctrine was that there were two different persons of Jesus. One of them was the man Jesus, the other was the aspect of "son of God", or Logos. Perhaps the most prominent supporter of the idea was Nestorius, archbishop of Constantinople. Nestorius lived from about 380 to about 450 AD. The Council of Ephesus condemned this view in 431. This led to a split of the church, into the Assyrian Church of the East and the Byzantine Church.
For this reason, the Assyrian Church of the East is sometimes called "Nestorian". The church holds the view that Chist has two "essences" ("qnome") that are united in one person ("parsopa").
The only two churches that teach Nestorianism today are the Assyrian Church of the East, and the Church of the East & Abroad.

Eve_Online
EVE Online is a 2003 Space simulator science fiction MMORPG computer game. It was made by CCP Games. The game is very similar to the 1980s game ELITE. Players in EVE earn money called "InterStella Kredits" (ISK) to buy new spacecraft, skills or equipment. Several ways to earn ISK include mining, exploration, doing missions, trading, piracy, and bounty hunting (hunting criminals for money).
EVE is hosted on 1 server cluster. Unlike most MMORPG games, it is not split up based upon geographical location or how busy the servers are.

Lanark_grammar_school
Lanark Grammar School is a medium sized secondary school in Lanark, South Lanarkshire which has over 1000 students.
Library.
The school library has lots of books on all the subjucts studied at the school. It also has a wide range of fiction books for junoirs and seniors. There are 15 computers in the library which can be used by any of the students who need to do work.

Minusio
Minusio is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Purchasing_Power_Parity
There are two ways to measure GDP (total income of a country) of different countries and compare them. One way, called GDP at exchange rate, is when the currencies of all countries are converted into USD (United States Dollar). The second way is GDP (PPP) or GDP at Purchasing Power Parity (PPP).
Uses.
Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) is measured by finding the values (in USD) of a basket of consumer goods that are present in each country (such as orange juice, pencils, etc). If that basket costs $100 in the US and $200 in England, than purchasing power parity exchange rate is 1:2.
Differences.
What sets GDP (PPP) apart from other economic indicators, such as GDP per capita, nominal GDP, and real GDP, is that GDP (PPP) takes the costs of living into account. This explains why GDP (PPP) is used to measure the quality of life in a country. However, when measuring a country's economic power (i.e. what it can buy on the world market) use GDP at exchange rate.
Examples.
For example, suppose that Japan has a higher GDP per capita, ($18) than the US ($16). That means that Japanese on average make $2 more than normal Americans. However, they are not necessarily richer. Suppose that one gallon of orange juice costs $6 in Japan and only $2 in the US. The Japanese can only buy 3 gallons while the Americans can buy 8 gallons. Therefore, in terms of orange juice, the Americans are richer. The US has a GDP (PPP) of $14 while Japan has a GDP (PPP) of $12. The GDP exchange rate is 14:12 or 7:6.
Daily life.
Now apply this to daily life. The orange juice represents the previously mentioned "basket of goods" which represents the cost of living in a country. Therefore, even if a country has a higher GDP per capita (individual income), that country's people may still live poorer if the cost of living is more expensive.

Sogyal_Rinpoche
Sogyal Rinpoche is a Tibetan Dzogchen Lama of the Nyingma tradition. He has been teaching for over 30 years. He travels widely in Europe, America, Australia and Asia.
He is the founder and spiritual leader of Rigpa, which is an international network of over 100 Buddhist centres and groups in 23 countries around the world. He is also the author of the best-selling book "The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying", which has been printed in 30 languages and 56 countries.
Rinpoche often speaks at major conferences in all areas of society, including medicine and healing, universities and educational institutions, interfaith dialogue, movements for peace and non-violence, the world of business and leadership, and the field of serving the dying and hospice care.
Early life.
Sogyal Rinpoche was born around 1950 in the region of Kham in Eastern Tibet. Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö says that he is the reincarnation of Tertön Sogyal, a teacher to the Thirteenth Dalai Lama. Jamyang Khyentse raised him as a son and made sure he got good training.
When things got bad in Kham, Khyentse Rinpoche and his young student went to Central Tibet and Lhasa. In 1955, they met Tenzin Gyatso, His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama. They then went to India. They settled in Gangtok at the invitation of the king of Sikkim.
Education.
Rinpoche went to Catholic School in Kalimpong. Then he went to study at a university in Delhi before coming to the West. In 1971, he was granted a place to study comparative religion at Trinity College, Cambridge as a visiting scholar. He continued to study with many masters of all schools of Tibetan Buddhism, especially His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche and His Holiness Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche.
Teaching career.
Rinpoche soon began teaching in Paris. He often translated for His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche. He also went with Dudjom Rinpoche to the United States in 1976.
In the summer of 1977, he started a centre in London, which he called Dzogchen Orgyen Chöling. Many great masters taught there: Dudjom Rinpoche, His Holiness Sakya Trizin, Gyalwang Karmapa, Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche and others.
In 1979, Sogyal Rinpoche chose the name Rigpa for his work. It means "the innermost, essential nature of mind".
Criticism.
In 1994, a $10 million civil lawsuit was filed against Sogyal Rinpoche. It was alleged that over a period of many years, Rinpoche had used his position as a spiritual leader to induce some of his female students to have intercourse with him. The complaint included counts of intentional infliction of emotional distress as well as one count of assault and battery. In December 1995, the issue was settled out of court through mediation.
Lamas of the Nyingma school are not required to take vows of celibacy, and Sogyal Rinpoche does not claim to be a celibate monk. The central role model of the Nyingma school, its founder Padmasambhava, had five tantric consorts who were also his students. While there is a precept against sexual misconduct in Buddhism, with respect to a non-monastic lama this precept is rather limited in scope and would apply only if the female is not free but rather under the protection of her father, mother, husband, king or herself bound by a vow of celibacy.

Dolmen
A dolmen (also known as cromlech, anta, Hünengrab, Hunebed, quoit, and portal dolmen) is a type of single-chamber megalithic tomb. It usually consists of three or more upright stones (megaliths) supporting a large flat horizontal capstone (table).
Most date from the early Neolithic period (4000 BC to 3000 BC). Dolmens were usually covered with earth or smaller stones to form a barrow, though in many cases that covering has weathered away, leaving only the stone "skeleton" of the burial mound intact.

Jamaica_coalition
A Jamaica coalition was the name given to a possible coalition government of Germany.
The government would have been formed by the CDU/CSU, the FDP and The Greens.
Their party colours are black, yellow and green, the same colours as the flag of Jamaica.
A Jamaica coalition was most talked about after the 1995 election in Germany when the CDU/CSU only had a few more seats that the SPD, and needed more seats the its usual partner the FDP had in order to have a majority.

Chappelle's_Show
"Chappelle's Show" was an American comedy television series starring comedian Dave Chappelle. The show was created by Chappelle and Neal Brennan. The first episode aired on January 22, 2003 on Comedy Central. The show ran for two complete seasons plus three "lost episodes".

The_Ring_(2002_movie)
"The Ring" is a 2002 scary movie. It starred people like Naomi Watts and Daviegh Chase. It's about a woman who watches a tape, and a curse is put on her. She then only has one week to find out a little girl's origin, and find out how to break the curse. But a few days later, her son watches the tape. Now she has to take care of herself and her son from being killed in a week.

513_Centesima
513 Centesima is a minor planet orbiting the Sun. It was found by Max Wolf in 1903. Its provisional name was 1903 LY.

Mosogno
Mosogno is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Novaggio
Novaggio is a municipality of the district Lugano, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

Jacob_Obrecht
Jacob Obrecht (born Ghent, 1457 or 1458; died late July, 1505) was a composer from the south Netherlands. He was one of the greatest composers of his time. He is best known for his church music, including many masses as well as motets and songs.
His life.
Obrecht’s father was a trumpeter. His mother died when he was about 2 years old and his father remarried. We know nothing about Obrecht’s musical education. He may have learned to play the trumpet like his father, who worked for the Burgundian court. Perhaps his father introduced him to people at the court, such as the famous composer Antoine Busnois. He certainly must have known Busnois’ music.
From 1480-1484 he was a choirmaster at Bergen-op-Zoom. Then he got a very good job as choirmaster at Cambrai Cathedral. However, a year later he took another job in Bruges. He wrote a lot of church music during his years in Bruges. He travelled to Italy and went to the town of Ferrara where a lot of famous musicians worked. He stayed there for several months. This may have been the reason why he then lost his job in Bruges. His next job was in Antwerp where he worked from 1492 to 1498. He then got his old job back in Bruges. From 1501 to 1503 he once again worked at Antwerp where he was choirmaster at the church of Our Lady. In 1504 he got the job of maestro di cappella at Ferrara, but the following year he died of the plague.
His reputation.
Obrecht composed extremely quickly. He is supposed to have written one of his masses in one night. This was different to Josquin des Prez who spent a long time composing his pieces and making changes to them before he let anyone have copies. Obrecht was influenced by the music of Busnois and Ockeghem. Obrecht himself was a big influence on Josquin, even though Josquin was older than Obrecht.
In recent years musicologists have studied Obrecht’s music a lot and made many discoveries, including the correct dates for many of his works.

523_Ada
523 Ada is a minor planet orbiting the Sun. It was found by Raymond Smith Dugan in 1904. Its temporary name was 1904 ND.

525_Adelaide
525 Adelaide is an S-type asteroid in the Flora family in the Main Belt.
The object A904 EB found March 14, 1904 by Max Wolf was named 525 Adelaide and was lost after. Later, the object 1930 TA found October 3, 1930 by Sylvain Arend was named 1171 Rusthawelia. In those pre-computer days, it was not realized until 1958 that these were one and the same object. The name Rusthawelia was kept (and finding the asteroid credited to Arend); the name 525 Adelaide was used again for the object 1908 EKa found October 21, 1908 by Joel Hastings Metcalf.

Paradiso,_Switzerland
Paradiso is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

526_Jena
526 Jena is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found in Heidelberg by the German astronomer Max Wolf on March 14, 1904 and named after the city of Jena. Its provisional name was 1904 NQ.

Ewan_McGregor
Ewan Gordon McGregor (born March 31 1971; is a Scottish actor who has had a lot of success in both mainstream and indie films. He is ranked #36 in Empire magazine's "The Top 100 Movie Stars of All Time" list. He is perhaps best known for playing the lead role in Danny Boyle's "Trainspotting", his portrayal of Obi-Wan Kenobi in the prequel trilogy of "Star Wars", and his motorcycle adventures with friend Charley Boorman.

Tokio_Hotel
Tokio Hotel is a German pop-rock band. The band started in 2001, with the name Devilish. The members of the band all came from Magdeburg in Germany. The youngest, the Kaulitz twins, were born 2 months before the Berlin Wall fell.
Members.
Tom and Bill Kaulitz are identical twins. Tom is only 10 minutes older than Bill. Their parents divorced when they were 7 years of age. Their mother is a free-lance tailor, and their step-father is in a band, and he owns a music school called "Rock's Cool".

Duroplast
Duroplast is a resin plastic made up mixing formica and bakelite reinforced with fibres (either cotton or wool) or glass fibres.
Uses.
Duroplast was used by Eastern European automobile manufacturer VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau to produce the body of the popular Trabant motor car, toilet seats, and parts for the BMW X3.
Duroplast was first used in the body of the IFA F8 and later also the AWZ P70 or Zwickau P70 and later used in the body of the Trabant. Apart from the use in cars duroplast was also used to make suitcases.
Properties.
Duroplast is light, flexible, and strong. It was also made of recycled material, cotton waste from Russia and phenol resins from the East German dye industry making the Trabant the first car with a body made of recycled material. Because it can be made in a press similar to shaping steel, it's easy to produced.
Critics.
Duroplast cannot be completely recycled, and burning it produces toxic fumes, so disposing of the bodies of old Trabants is a problem. There are stories of pigs,sheep or other domestic farm animals consuming duroplast.
A Berlin biotechnology company claims that it has developed a solution to the duroplast problem: a bacterium that will eat a Trabant in 20 days and leave only compost.
In the last years the Duroplast was smashed and put cement blocks for pavement construction.

Pacific_hurricane
A Pacific hurricane is a tropical cyclone that forms in the northeastern part of the Pacific Ocean. For organizational purposes, the Pacific Ocean is divided into three parts: the eastern, (North America to 140°W), central (140°W to the International Date Line), and western (west of the Date Line). A Pacific hurricane, then, is a tropical cyclone in the northern Pacific Ocean east of the Date Line. Tropical cyclones that form in the western north Pacific are called typhoons. This separation between the two basins is convenient, however, as tropical cyclones rarely form in the central north Pacific and few ever cross the dateline.

Gamma
Gamma (uppercase/lowercase Γ γ), is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "g" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 3. Letters that came from it include the Roman G and Cyrillic Г.

Lambda
Lambda (uppercase/lowercase Λ λ), is the letter of the Greek alphabet, used to represent the "l" sound in Ancient and Modern Greek. In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 30. Letters that came from it include the Roman L and Cyrillic Л. It is used as shorthand as a symbol for wavelength in the Electromagnetic spectrum.

Qoppa
Qoppa (Ϙ or ϟ) was a letter of the Greek alphabet. It is no longer used in normal writing today. It stood for the sound "[q]" (similar to [k]) in Ancient Greek. In the order of the letters in the alphabet, it came between Pi and Rho, just like in the Latin alphabet the letter Q comes between P and R. Like all Greek letters, it could also be used to write a number, and then it stood for the number 90. People still sometimes use it in this way, even though they don't use it as a letter to write words.
The letter qoppa at first looked like a circle with a small bar under it. Later it was written more like a pointed S.
The letter Q in the Latin alphabet and the letter Ҁ in the Cyrillic alphabet come from Qoppa.

Alliteracy
The problem of alliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so. Teachers and school librarians are trying to deal with this problem.

Rankine_scale
The Rankine scale is a thermodynamic (absolute) temperature scale. It is based around absolute zero. Rankine is similar to the Kelvin scale in that it starts at absolute zero and 0°R is the same as 0°K but is different as a change of 1°R is the same as a change of 1°F (Fahrenheit) and not 1°C (Celsius).
The Kelvin and Rankine temperature scales are defined so that absolute zero is 0 kelvins (K) or 0 degrees Rankine (°R). The Celsius and Fahrenheit scales are defined so that absolute zero is −273.15 °C or −459.67 °F.
The Rankine scale was originally used in the United States.

Omega_(disambiguation)
Omega is the last letter in the Greek alphabet. See that article for more uses of the upper case (Ω) or lower case (ω) letter as a symbol.

C-type_asteroid
C-type asteroids are asteroids made of carbonates. They are the most common variety taking up around 75% of known asteroids, and an even higher percentage in the farther part of the belt beyond 2.7 AU, which is dominated by this asteroid type. The amount of C-types may actually be higher than this, because C-types are much darker than most other asteroid types except D-types and others common only at the extreme farther edge of the Main Belt.
Characteristics.
This type of asteroid has very similar spectra to carbonaceous chondrite meteorites (types CI and CM), whose chemical make-up is about the same as the Sun and the primitive solar nebula, except that they do not contain hydrogen, helium and other volatiles. Hydrated (water-containing) minerals are present.
C-type asteroids are very dark with albedos usually in the 0.03 to 0.10 range. Consequently, whereas a number of S-types can normally be viewed with binoculars at opposition, even the biggest C-types require a small telescope. The potentially brightest C-type asteroid is 324 Bamberga, but that object's very high eccentricity means it rarely reaches its maximum magnitude.
Their spectra contain moderately strong ultraviolet absorption at wavelengths below about 0.4 μm to 0.5 μm, while at longer wavelengths they are very featureless but slightly reddish. The so-called "water" absorption feature around 3 μm, which can be a sign of water content in minerals is also present.
The biggest unequivocally C-type asteroid is 10 Hygiea, although the SMASS classification places the biggest asteroid 1 Ceres, here as well, because that scheme lacks a G-type.

Metic
In Ancient Greece, a metic (Greek: "metoikos") was a foreigner living in a Greek city-state ("polis"). The metic did not have the same citizen rights as a citizen who was born in the state he was living in.
The term 'metic' was especially used in ancient Athens in the 4th and 5th centuries BC. A notable metic was Aristotle, who was born in Stageira but lived in Athens for a long time.

Telluride_Bluegrass_Festival
The Telluride Bluegrass Festival is an annual music festival held in Telluride, a town in the state of Colorado. The festival is put on by. The festival mainly focuses on bluegrass music. It has had artists in the past such as Nickel Creek, Bela Fleck, and Chris Thile.

Dave_Farrell
David Michael Farrell (born February 8, 1977), also known as Phoenix, is Linkin Park’s bassist and backup vocalist.
Biography.
Farrell was born in Plymouth, Massachusetts, but when he was five he moved to Mission Viejo, California where he attended Mission Viejo High School. He graduated in 1999 at the University of California, Los Angeles. He can play bass guitar, electric guitar, cello and violin.
Farrell was a member of a Christian punk/ska band called Tasty Snax. While he was at the college, he shared the room with his friend Brad Delson, and they practiced together.
Unfortunately, he had to go in tour with the Tasty Snax so he couldn’t play with Delson and his band. Then, Farrell left his band to play bass with Linkin Park. Farrell's fellow band mate Mark Fiore became Linkin Park's videographer.
Personal life.
He has been married to Linsey Farrell since December 28, 2002, and, in 2007, he became a father. He has two brothers, the older is called Joe, and the younger is called Tyler.

541_Deborah
541 Deborah is a minor planet orbiting the Sun. It was found by Max Wolf on August 4, 1904. Its provisional name was 1904 OO.

Quinto,_Switzerland
Quinto is a municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Sant'Antonio
Sant'Antonio is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
This municipality is not to be confused with the municipality of Sant'Antonino of the same district.

Lago_di_Muzzano
Lago di Muzzano is a lake in Ticino, Switzerland. It can be found in the municipalities of Sorengo, Muzzano and Collina d'Oro. Its surface area is 0.23 km². It flows into Lake Lugano.

Hainaut_(province)
Hainaut (pronunciation similar to "I know") is a province in Belgium. It is in the French speaking part of Belgium. The Flemish name for it is "Henegouwen". Its capital is Mons. It has an area of 3,800 km² which is divided into seven administrative districts (French: "arrondissements") which have 69 municipalities.

Moral_Code_of_the_Builder_of_Communism
The Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of twelve rules. It was made in the Soviet Union by the Communist Party of the USSR.
Every member of the party, and every Komsomol member was supposed to follow these rules.
The Moral Code was made at the 22nd Congress of the CPSU in 1961, as part of the new Party Programme.
The very first moral principle was "Devotion to the cause of communism".
Many people try to compare these rules to the Ten Commandments. The two texts have very little in common though. Russian language books of the time sometimes say that these are founded on the Bible. One of the passages of the Bible cited is "he who does not work, neither shall he eat" (2 Thessalonians 3:10). This text was also used in the Soviet Constitution of 1936.
The rules were thought more as "guidelines". In contrast, the Ten Commandments were made to be rules of conduct, and perhaps even laws. For example, "You shall not commit adultery" of Moses loosely corresponds to "Mutual respect in a family, concern about the upbringing of children" of the Code.
The Code also is about what a person should do as a commitment to the society he or she lives in. It does not speak of personal virtue. For example, the "Do not steal" may be loosely matched to "Concern of everyone about the preservation and multiplication of the common wealth".
Four of the rules, making up one-third of the Code, are of a political character.
The Code contained a number of popular Soviet cliches; in fact it was intentionally formulated to contain catch phrases, either invented by Soviet ideologists, or borrowed. (An example is 'One for all, and all for one' ("каждый за всех, все за одного") which was borrowed from "The Three Musketeers" by Alexandre Dumas, père.)

List_of_administrative_divisions_of_Germany
This is a list of the administrative divisions of Germany. It includes the "Landkreise" as well as the "kreisfreie Städte". The list is sorted alphabetically, by state.

Evelyn_Barbirolli
Evelyn Barbirolli (born Wallingford-on-Thames, Berkshire, 24 January 1911; died 25 January 2008) was a famous oboist. She was an honorary member of the Royal Philharmonic Society. Only 116 people have ever been made honorary members. She was the wife of the conductor Sir John Barbirolli. She was born Evelyn Rothwell, and was always known by that name until after the death of her husband, John Barbirolli, when she changed her professional name to “Evelyn Barbirolli”. She became famous at a time when there were very few women in orchestras.
Early years.
Evelyn Rothwell’s father was a tea dealer in the City of London. Her mother was related to Charles Reade, a 19th century novelist. She started to learn the oboe at her school, Downe House, near Newbury. Her father did not want her to study music, but in the end she was allowed to go to the Royal College of Music. She studied the oboe there, and the piano as a second instrument. She also played the cello and timpani. She was a student there at the same time as Benjamin Britten, who sometimes asked her to play some of the oboe music he had just written.
Evelyn started her professional career as an oboist in the Drury Lane orchestra. She soon got a job with the Royal Opera House touring company whose conductor was John Barbirolli. Barbirolli was married, but his marriage did not last long.
Barbirolli was then made conductor of the Scottish Orchestra (now called the Royal Scottish National Orchestra). He gave Evelyn the job of first oboe in this orchestra. He made an arrangement of a concerto by Handel for her to play. She played several other concertos with him conducting, and they made several recordings. Vaughan Williams was very pleased with their recording of his oboe concerto. Several composers wrote music especially for her. Henry Wood made her first oboist in the New Queen’s Hall Orchestra.
Years of marriage.
Evelyn married Barbirolli in 1939, after he had divorced his first wife. By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic. He had taken this job after Toscanini had left. Barbirolli and his new wife lived in New York until 1943 when they returned to England so that Barbirolli could be the conductor of the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester. Sometimes she played in the orchestra, but not very often because she thought people might say that it was because her husband was the conductor. When the Hallé Orchestra went to Austria in 1948 she played Mozart’s oboe concerto with them. People at that time only knew this work in an arrangement for the flute.
In Manchester Evelyn helped her husband by being his secretary. She drove him everywhere, and was always by his side at rehearsals to help him. As Barbirolli gradually became ill she spent nearly all her time with him instead of playing the oboe. She travelled with him to America when he became conductor of the Houston Symphony Orchestra. Barbirolli kept working hard although he was not well. During his last years they had financial problems when Barbirolli’s manager caused them to lose a lot of money.
After Barbirolli’s death.
After Barbirolli’s death in 1970 she started to play her oboe again. She taught at the Royal Academy of Music, and was always known as “Lady Barbirolli” (or “Lady B”). She often adjudicated at music competitions. Her pupils respected her for her honesty and kindness. She wrote a book about "Oboe Technique" and the "Oboist’s Companion", a book in 3 volumes. She also wrote an autobiography called "Living with Glorious John". She was made an OBE in 1984. She died the day after her 97th birthday.
References.
Obituary: The Daily Telegraph, 26 January 2008.

Tré_Cool
Tré Cool (born Frank Edwin Wright III December 9 1972, in Frankfurt, Germany) is a German born American drummer for the punk band Green Day.
Appearance.
He has brown hair and blue eyes.
Personal life.
He has two children, Ramona, born January 1995 to ex-wife, Lisea Lyons; Frankito ("Little Frank"), born 2001 to Claudia. Tré grew up with his father and 2 siblings. He now lives in Oakland, California with his ex-wife, Claudia, and son, Frankito.

Rebeuvelier
Rebeuvelier is a municipality of the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

BSA_Bantam
The BSA Bantam is a small two-stroke motorcycle that was made by the Birmingham Small Arms company from 1949 to 1972.
History.
The bike originally came from a German design, the DKW RT 125, from before World War II. There were more than 8 different versions of the bike, from the D1 to the B175, these bikes has engines that range from 125cc to 175cc

Nile_Delta
The Nile Delta (Arabic: دلتا النيل) is the delta formed in Northern Egypt (Lower Egypt) where the Nile River spreads out and drains into the Mediterranean Sea. It is one of the world's largest river deltas—from Alexandria in the west to Port Said in the east, it covers some 240 km of Mediterranean coastline—and is a rich agricultural region. From north to south the delta is approximately 160 km in length. The Delta begins slightly down-river from Cairo.
Shape and composition.
The Nile is considered to be an "arcuate" delta (arc-shaped), and resembles a triangle or lotus flower when seen from above.
Climate.
The Nile Delta has a Mediterranean climate, characterized by little rainfall. Only 100 to 200 mm of rain falls on the delta area during an average year, and most of this falls in the winter months. The delta experiences its hottest temperatures in July and August, averaging 30°C, with a maximum of around 48°C. Winter temperatures are normally in the range of 5° to 10°C. The Nile Delta region becomes quite humid during the summer months.
The Nile Delta is eroding at a rate of 50km per year, and it has been predicted that this Delta will have vanished by the year 2550AD
References.
1. p87 in W. Hayes, 'Most Ancient Egypt', JNES, 23 (1964), 73-114.

John_Bodkin_Adams
John Bodkin Adams (January 21, 1899 – July 4, 1983) was a British doctor, fraudster and suspected serial killer.
Early years.
Adams was born in Randalstown in what is now Northern Ireland. His parents were from a very strict Christian sect called the Plymouth Brethren - and they believed that what ever they did in life, they would go to heaven anyway. He had one brother, William, born in 1903. His father died in 1914 and Adams was brought up by his mother. The family moved to Belfast but in 1918 William died from flu. Adams studied medicine at university.
Job.
Adams worked for one year in a hospital in Bristol. He then moved to Eastbourne, England where he became a general practitioner. He cared for a lot of old female patients and many of them were very rich. 132 left him money or gifts when they died. Rumours started that Adams was killing them with heroin and morphine and the police decided to investigate. Many of the possible victims had been cremated (burnt), so there were few bodies for the police to analyse.
Trial.
Adams was arrested and tried for the murder of one patient in 1957, but found not guilty. Another charge was withdrawn - an event the judge later criticised. The trial was reported in newspapers around the world and was described at the time as "one of the greatest murder trials of all time".
Claims of unfairness.
Some have claimed that the trial was not held fairly. Police files show that the prosecution gave secret records to the defence to help them defend Adams. Evidence (some notebooks written by the patient's nurses) was lost by the prosecution and then found later by the defence. When it was produced during the trial, the prosecution pretended that it had never seen it. Also, the case that was chosen (Mrs Morrell) was probably one of the least likely to succeed.
One historian claims that the government didn't want Adams to be convicted, because he would then have been hanged. If this had happened, many doctors would have refused to treat government (NHS) patients and the government would have become very unpopular.
Other crimes.
Adams was later found guilty of 13 other crimes - prescription fraud, lying on cremation forms, obstructing a police search and failing to keep a register of the dangerous drugs he used.
He had his license to be a doctor taken away in 1957 but it was given back in 1961. He was banned from prescribing dangerous drugs for life.
Scotland Yard's files on the case were meant to be secret until 2033, but special permission was given in 2003 to open them.
Opinions.
Even though he was found not guilty, most experts now consider him to have been a serial killer. The judge in his trial later wrote a book in which he said Adams was probably guilty. The police thought that Adams killed 163 of his patients.

Tegna
Tegna is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Vernate,_Switzerland
Vernate is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

568_Cheruskia
568 Cheruskia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Paul Götz in 1905. Its temporary name was 1905 QS.

573_Recha
573 Recha is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Max Wolf in 1905. Its provisional name was 1905 RC.

Juroujin
In Japan, Juroujin (寿老人), also known as Gama, is one of the Seven Lucky Gods, according to Taoist beliefs. He is the God of long life.
He has a staff and a fan. He is shown as an old man with a long beard, and a scroll is tied to the staff, which which has the lifespan of all living things written on it. The deer, the crane and the tortoise, symbols of long life, sometimes follow him.

Homophobia
Homophobia is the fear or poor treatment of homosexuals. There are events to stop homophobia, like the "gay pride parades" and "International Day Against Homophobia". In some places, it is illegal to treat homosexuals badly, and it is a hate crime to hurt them.

578_Happelia
578 Happelia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Max Wolf in 1905. Its provisional name was 1905 RZ.

Seventy-two
Seventy-two is a number. It comes after seventy-one, but before seventy-three.

Aach,_Baden-Württemberg
Aach is a small town in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. Being situated close to Lake Constance and the Swiss border, it is mostly known for the Aachtopf — Germany's biggest natural spring in terms of production.
Aach has a city council with twelve seats. The last elections in 2004 brought three seats for the CDU, three seats for the SPD and four seats for independent voters' associations. Aach's mayor is Severin Graf (CDU).

Demmin
Demmin () is a town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is the capital of the Demmin Rural District.
World War II.
German troops destroyed the bridges over the Peene while retreating from Demmin during World War II. This way, the advance of the Soviet Red Army was slowed down when they arrived in Demmin on April 30, 1945. During that night and the following morning, Demmin was handed over to the Red Army largely without fighting, similar to other cities like Greifswald.
Although there were only a few pockets of resistance, nearly 900 people committed mass suicides in fear of the Red Army. Coroner lists show that most drowned in the nearby River Tollense and River Peene, where others poisoned themselves. This was fuelled by atrocities and rapes committed by Red Army soldiers until the city commander had the access to the rivers blocked on May 3.

Albrecht_Dürer
Albrecht Dürer (May 21, 1471 – April 6, 1528) was a German painter, engraver and mathematician.
He was born and died in Nuremberg, Germany and is best known as a maker of old master prints. His prints were often in a series, so that there is a group of different prints about a subject. The most famous series are the "Apocalypse" (1498) and his two series on the passion of Christ, the "Great Passion" (1498–1510) and the "Little Passion" (1510–1511).
Dürer's best known individual engravings (that is, ones that are not part of a series) include ' (1513), ' (1514) and "Melencolia I" (1514). His most iconic images are his woodcuts of the ' (1497–1498) from the "Apocalypse" series, the "Rhinoceros", and numerous self-portraits in oils. Dürer possibly did not cut his own woodblocks but may have employed a skilled carver who followed his drawings faithfully. He painted a number of religious works in oils and made many brilliant watercolours and drawings, which through modern reproductions are now perhaps his best known works.
Dürer's prints made him famous across Europe before he was 30, and many people say he is the greatest artist of the Renaissance in Northern Europe.
Early life.
Dürer was born on May 21, 1471, third child and second son of his parents, who had between fourteen and eighteen children. His father was a successful goldsmith from Ajtós, near Gyula in Hungary.
Dürer's godfather was Anton Koberger, who left goldsmithing to become a printer and publisher in the year Dürer was born. He quickly became the most successful publisher in Germany, and owned twenty-four printing-presses and had many offices in Germany and abroad. His most famous publication was the "Nuremberg Chronicle," published in 1493 in German and Latin. It had 1,809 woodcut pictures by the Wolgemut workshop. Dürer may well have worked on some of these, as the work on the project began while he was with Wolgemut.
Dürer hadstarted to learn goldsmithing and drawing from his father. His father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith, but he was so good at drawing that he started as an apprentice to Michael Wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486. A self-portrait, a drawing in silverpoint, is dated 1484 (Albertina, Vienna). Wolgemut was the leading artist in Nuremberg at the time, and had a large workshop making different types of works of art, in particular woodcuts for books. Nuremberg was a rich city, a centre for publishing and many luxury trades. It had strong links with Italy, especially Venice, a relatively short distance across the Alps.
Wanderjahre and marriage.
.After completing his term of apprenticeship in 1489, Dürer followed the common German custom of taking a "wanderjahre" — in effect a gap year. Dürer was away nearly four years, travelling through Germany, Switzerland, and probably, the Netherlands. Dürer wanted to meet Martin Schongauer, the best engraver of Northern Europe, but Schongauer died shortly before Dürer's arrival. He stayed at the house of Schongauer's brother, and got some pictures that Schongauer owned.
His first painted self-portrait is now in the Louvre. It was painted in Strasbourg, probably so that Dürer could send it back to his fiancée in Nuremberg.. In fact, very soon after he got back to Nuremberg, on July 7, 1494 Dürer was married to Agnes Frey. She was the daughter of a well known brass worker (and amateur harpist) in the city. He was 23, and the marriage was arranged while Dürer was away travelling. his absence. They had no children, and most people think that they did not marry for love, but because it was good to link the two families. Also, a single man could not set up in business for himself in Nuremberg. Dürer painted some portraits of his wife, but experts say that they "lack warmth". The experts think that if Dürer loved his wife he would have taken more time over those pictures to make her look more beautiful and friendly.
First Visit to Italy.
Within three months Dürer left for Italy. The start of plague in Nuremberg was one reason for his leaving.
In Italy, he went to Venice where artists were working in a more modern style. Dürer wrote that Giovanni Bellini was the oldest and still the best of the artists in Venice.
Return to Nuremberg.
On his return to Nuremberg in 1495, Dürer opened his own workshop. He started to use what he learned in Italy more and more, so his work was quite different from the other artists in Nuremberg who used only the traditional German style.
Dürer's father died in 1502 and his mother died in 1513.
Dürer probably did not cut any of the woodblocks himself. This was a job for experts. But he had designed and cut woodblocks for woodcut as part of his training in Wolgemut's studio, and he had seen many carved and painted altarpieces made in the studio. This means he knew what could be made into a woodblock print, and how to work with the expert block cutters. Dürer either drew his design directly onto the woodblock itself, or glued a paper drawing to the block. Either way his drawing was destroyed when the block was cut.
His famous series of sixteen great designs for the "Apocalypse" are dated 1498. He made the first seven scenes of the "Great Passion" in the same year, and a little later, a series of eleven on the Holy Family and saints. Around 1503–1505 he produced the first seventeen of a set illustrating the life of the Virgin, which he did not finish for some years. Neither these, nor the "Great Passion," were published as sets until several years later, but prints were sold individually in considerable numbers.
The Venetian artist Jacopo de' Barbari, whom Dürer had met in Venice, visited Nuremberg in 1500, and Dürer said that he learned much about the new developments in perspective, anatomy, and Body proportions from him. de'Barbari did not want to tell Dürer everything he knew, so Dürer began his own studies, and he kept studying for the rest of his life. This is a series of drawings show Dürer's experiments in human proportion, before he made his famous engraving of "Adam and Eve" (1504). This is the only existing engraving signed with his full name.
Dürer made large numbers of other practice drawings, especially for his paintings and engravings, and many survive, most famously the "Praying Hands" (1508 Albertina, Vienna). He also continued to make images in watercolour and bodycolour (usually combined), including a number of very beautiful still lives of meadow sections or animals, including his "Hare" (1502, Albertina, Vienna).
Second visit to Italy.
In early 1506, he returned to Venice and stayed there until the spring of 1507. By this time Dürer's engravings were very popular and were being copied. In Venice he was given a valuable commission from the emigrant German community for the church of San Bartolomeo. This was the altar-piece known as the "Adoration of the Virgin" or the "Feast of Rose Garlands". It includes portraits of members of Venice's German community, but shows a strong Italian influence. Later, the Emperor Rudolf II took it to Prague. Other paintings Dürer made in Venice include, "The Virgin and Child with the Goldfinch", "Christ disputing with the Doctors" (supposedly produced in just five days), and a number of smaller works.
Nuremberg and the masterworks.
Dürer was admired by the Venetians, but he was back in Nuremberg by mid-1507. He stayed in Germany until 1520. His reputation had spread throughout Europe. He was on friendly terms with most of the major artists of Europe, and exchanged drawings with Raphael.
The years between and his journey to the Netherlands are divided according to the type of work he made. During the first five years, 1507–1511, after his return from Venice Dürer mostly painted. He made his four best paintings, "Adam and Eve" (1507), "Virgin with the Iris" (1508), the altarpiece the "Assumption of the Virgin" (1509), and the "Adoration of the Trinity by all the Saints" (1511). During this period he also completed the two woodcut series, the "Great Passion" and the "Life of the Virgin".
He complained that painting did not make enough money, so from 1511 to 1514 he concentrated on printmaking. The famous works he made in this period were the thirty-seven woodcuts for the "Little Passion", published first in 1511, and a set of fifteen small engravings on the same theme in 1512. In 1513 and 1514 he created his three most famous engravings, "The Knight, Death, and the Devil" (or simply, "The Knight", as he called it, 1513), "Melencolia I", and "St. Jerome in his Study" (both 1514).
'Melencolia I' has a magic square which is believed to be the first seen in European art. The two numbers in the middle of the bottom row give the date of the engraving, 1514.
In 1515, he created his woodcut of the "Rhinoceros". The rhinoceros was in Lisbon, but Durer never saw it. He made it from a sketch and description from another artist. It was not very lifelike, but still being used in some German school science text-books early last century.. The rhinoceros was from an extinct Indian species).
Up to 1520 he produced a wide range of works, including portraits in tempera on linen, experiments in etching on plates of iron, and parts of the "Triumphal Arch" and the "Triumphs of Maximilian" which were huge woodcut projects ordered by Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor.
Journey to the Netherlands and beyond.
In the summer of 1520 Dürer made his fourth and last major journey.
He wanted to renew the Imperial pension Maximilian had given him. Maximilian had died in 1519, so the city of Nuremberg stopped paying it. Dürer also needed new patrons following the death of Maximilian, and to avoid an outbreak of sickness in Nuremberg.
He took his wife and her maid and left Nuremberg for the Netherlands in July 1520, to be at the coronation of the new emperor, Charles V. He travelled by the Rhine to Cologne, and then to Antwerp, where he made many drawings in silverpoint, chalk, and charcoal.
Dürer went to Aachen for the coronation, but also made trips to Cologne, Nijmegen, 's-Hertogenbosch, Brussels, Bruges, Ghent, and Zeeland. In Brussels he saw "the things which have been sent to the king from the golden land" — the Aztec treasure that Hernán Cortés had sent home to Holy Roman Emperor Charles V following the fall of Mexico. Dürer wrote that this treasure trove "was much more beautiful to me than miracles. These things are so precious that they have been valued at 100,000 florins". Dürer appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities, and he sent back to Nuremberg various animal horns, a piece of coral, some large fish fins, and a wooden weapon from the East Indies.
Dürer took many prints with him. He wrote in his diary to whom he gave, exchanged, or sold them, and for how much. This is some of the few times the price of prints was recorded, so historians think it very important to show the values of prints compared to paintings at that time. Dürer returned home in July 1521. He had an unknown illness which stayed with him for the rest of his life, and slowed his rate of work.
Final years in Nuremberg.
Back in Nuremberg, Dürer started work on a series of religious pictures. There are many practice sketches and "studies" (practice paintings for a bigger painting) but no big paintings from this time. This was partly because of his illness, but more because of the time he spent preparing to write books about geometry and perspective, the proportions of men and horses, and fortification.
His writings show that Dürer was highly sympathetic to Martin Luther, and he may have been influential in the City Council declaring for Luther in 1525. However, he died before religious divisions had hardened into different "Catholic" and "Protestant"churches. Dürer probably thought of himself as a reform-minded Catholic.
Dürer died in Nuremberg at the age of 56. He left money and goods worth 6,874 florins - a considerable sum. His workshop was a part of his large house. His widow lived there until her death in 1537. The house is now a museum.

Allmendingen_bei_Bern
Allmendingen bei Bern is a municipality of the district Konolfingen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Jehan_Alain
Jehan Alain (born Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Paris, 3 February, 1911; died near Saumur, 20 June 1940) was a French organist and composer. He learned to play the organ at home on an organ that his father had built. In his short life he composed many works. His most famous organ pieces are "Trois Danses" (Three Dances) and a brilliant piece called "Litanies".
Alain was killed fighting in the World War II.
His youngest sister, Marie-Claire Alain, is an internationally-famous organist and has made several complete recordings of her brother's organ works.

Thomas_Aquinas
Thomas Aquinas, (1225 – 7 March 1274) was an Catholic priest from Italy. He studied philosophy and theology. Catholics think Aquinas is the best teacher if one wants to be a priest. His most famous books are "Summa Theologica" and the "Summa Contra Gentiles". Aquinas is one of the 33 Doctor of the Church, and many schools are named after him.

Speed_of_sound
The speed of sound is per hour or per second in dry air. Sound moves faster through water and solids than air.

Aswan_Dam
The Aswan Dam or Aswan Low Dam is a dam on the Nile River. Without the dam, the river would flood every summer. It was built to protect farms, make energy, and save water. It also helps the fishing around Lake Nasser.
History.
The dam was built in 1124. It was designed by William Willcocks. When it was first made, it was long and high. It was too short, so it was built higher two times: in 1912 and 1933. The dam was still too short. Instead of making if taller a third time, another dam (the Aswan High Dam) was built up the river in 1952.

Fuzûlî
Fużūlī (فضولی) was the pen name of the poet Muhammad bin Suleyman (محمد بن سليمان) (c. 1483 – 1556). He is one of the greatest contributors to the Dîvân tradition of Turkish literature,
Fuzûlî wrote his collected poems (dîvân) in three different languages: Azerbaijani Turkish, Persian, and Arabic. Although his Turkish works are written in Azerbaijani, he knew both the Ottoman and the Chagatai Turkish literary traditions as well. He was also very able in mathematics and astronomy.
Life.
Fuzûlî was born around 1483 in what is now Iraq; he was probably born in either Karbalā’ or an-Najaf. Fuzûlî's ancestors had been of nomadic origin, but his family had long since settled in towns.
Fuzûlî was educated by his father—who was a mufti in the city of Al Hillah — and then by a teacher named Rahmetullah. It was during this time that he learned the Persian and Arabic languages in addition to his native Azerbaijani.
One of the few things that is known of Fuzûlî's life during this time is how he arrived at his pen name. In the introduction to his collected Persian poems, he says: "In the early days when I was just beginning to write poetry, every few days I would set my heart on a particular pen name and then after a time change it for another because someone showed up who shared the same name". Eventually, he decided upon the Arabic word "fuzûlî"—which literally means "impertinent, improper, unnecessary"—because he "knew that this title would not be acceptable to anyone else". Despite the name's pejorative meaning, however, it contains a double meaning—what is called "tevriyye" (توريه) in Ottoman Divan poetry — as Fuzûlî himself explains: "I was possessed of all the arts and sciences and found a pen name that also implies this sense since in the dictionary "fuzûl" (ﻓﻀﻮل) is given as a plural of "fazl" (ﻓﻀﻞ; 'learning') and has the same rhythm as "‘ulûm" (ﻋﻠﻮم; 'sciences') and "fünûn" (ﻓﻨﻮن; 'arts')".
The loss of his stipend meant that Fuzûlî never became secure. He died during a plague outbreak in 1556, in Karbalā’, either of the plague itself or of cholera.

Henry_Willis
Henry Willis (born: 27 April 1821, London - died: 11 February 1901, London) was a British builder of pipe organs. He built a very large number of organs, many of them for big cathedrals and concert halls in Britain, such as St. Paul's Cathedral, Truro Cathedral, and the Royal Albert Hall. He also built an organ for Queen Victoria at Windsor Castle. Many of the organs that he built are in other parts of the world, especially in countries that belonged to the British Empire.
Many organists who gave organ recitals liked Henry Willis’s organs because they had lots of different sounds which helped to make the organ sound like an orchestra. He made organs for churches where the architects were getting rid of the central screen so that the organ could be heard better in the main part of the church (the nave). He used ideas that had been created by the French organ builder Cavaillé –Coll and by Barker. He made several inventions himself, including the thumb piston, which made it possible for an organist to change the combination of stops without taking his hands off the keyboard.
Four generations of the Willis family continued the family tradition of organ building until 1997 when Henry Willis the fourth retired and the new Managing Director of the firm was not a member of the Willis family. The Company, founded in 1845, Henry Willis & Sons, Ltd. still makes organs in Liverpool.

Lara_Veronin
Lara Veronin is a Russian-Taiwanese-American singer born on 2 May 1988. She is famous for being the lead vocalist of the C-Pop band Nan Quan Mama. The band's first album "Treasure Map" and second album "Nan Quan Mama, Version 2" both peaked at #4 on the Taiwanese Album Charts. She has also appeared as a featured voicalist on Jay Chou's sixth album "November's Chopin" on the track "Coral Sea".
Biography.
Veronin was born and raised in Monterey Park, California, America and moved to Taiwan in her teens. Her father is a Russian American, and her mother a Taiwanese. She speaks fluent English and Mandarin as shown in her songs, but says she is unable to speak Russian.
Reportedly, Veronin's talent was discovered when she met C-pop singer Jay Chou at a restaurant where she was working. He was interested in her voice and recruited her for his band, Nan Quan Mama. Her role as the lead singer of Nan Quan Mama gave her instant fame.
She gained greater recognition as her songs "靠近一點點 Kao Jin Yi Dian Dian" and "Say You Love Me" were chosen to be theme songs for It Started With A Kiss, a Chinese romantic comedy television series in 2005.
In 2006, Veronin was cast in the television series "Engagement for Love", co-starring Alex To and Ambrose Hsu.
As of now, Veronin is studying in college in Taipei while continuing her music career.
Style.
Her musical style is often disputed (argued about). This is because most of her songs when she performes solo are in the alternative or pop-rock genre, but when she performs as a vocalist in the band Nan Quan Mama, she often sings blues- and soul-influenced dance music.

589_Croatia
589 Croatia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by August Kopff in 1906. Its provisional name was 1906 TM.

Nord_Department
Nord (English: "North") is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. It has an area of 2,106 km² and a population of 872,200 (2002).
After the Haitian Revolution, the country was divided into only three departments: Nord, Ouest and Sud. The Nord-Est and Nord-Ouest departments were part of the Nord department.
Its capital and largest city is Cap-Haïtien, founded in 1670 by Bertrand d'Orgeron and the old capital city of "Saint-Domingue". It had the nickname of "Paris of Saint-Domingue".
It is bordered to the northwest by the Nord-Ouest Department, to the east by the Nord-Est Department, to the southeast by the Centre Department and to the west by the Artibonite Department. The Atlantic Ocean is to the north.

La_bohème
"La bohème" is an opera by Giacomo Puccini. The title, which is French, is pronounced “La bo-EM”. The title refers to Mimi, the main female character in the story. She is a bohemian, which means: someone who was poor and goes to Paris to try to earn a living (it has nothing to do with Bohemia, part of the present-day Czech Republic).
Although the title is French, the opera is sung in Italian. The words (libretto) were written by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa, who based it on a story called "Scènes de la vie de Bohème" "(Scenes of bohemian life)" by Henri Murger.
"La bohème" was first performed in Turin on February 1, 1896 at the Teatro Regio (now the Teatro Regio Torino). The conductor was Arturo Toscanini, a young man at that time. Fifty years later, in 1946, Toscanini conducted a performance of it on U.S. radio, and this performance was put on to records and later on to compact disc. It is the only recording of a Puccini opera by its original conductor.
The composer Ruggero Leoncavallo also composed an opera called "La bohème". Although it is based on the same story the libretto is different. It is hardly ever performed, but Puccini’s opera is one of the most famous of all operas.
Act 1.
"In the four bohemians' attic room"
Act 1 takes place in Paris around 1830. A group of bohemians live in a room in an attic. Marcello is painting while Rodolfo gazes out of the window. They are so poor and so cold that they burn a drama that Rodolfo has written. Colline, the philosopher, comes in shivering and cross because he had not been able to pawn some books. Schaunard, the musician of the group, arrives with food, firewood, wine, cigars, and money. He tells his friends that he has got these things because he has a job with an English gentleman. The others hardly listen as they are so hungry that they try quickly to eat the food. Schaunard interrupts them, taking the meal away, and saying that they will all celebrate his luck by having dinner at Cafe Momus instead.
While they drink, Benoit, the landlord, arrives to collect the rent. They give him lots of wine so that he becomes drunk and starts to tell the people his adventures about love. He then says that he is married, but the others throw him out of the room. The money that should have been used for paying the rent is divided among the group so that they can have a good time
The other Bohemians go out, but Rodolfo stays alone for a moment in order to finish a newspaper article, promising to join his friends soon. There is a knock at the door, and Mimì, a seamstress who lives in a flat below, enters. Her candle has blown out, and she has no matches; she asks Rodolfo to light it. She thanks him, but returns a few seconds later, saying she has lost her key. Both candles go out. It is dark, and the couple try to feel their way about. Rodolfo wants to spend time with Mimi. He finds the key, but does not tell her and puts it in his pocket. In two very famous arias (Rodolfo's "Che gelida manina — What a cold little hand" and Mimi's "Sì, mi chiamano Mimì — Yes, they call me Mimì"), they tell each other about their different backgrounds. Rodolfo’s friends call for him to come. He would prefer to stay there with Mimì but she decides they should both go together. They go out singing about their love for one another.
Act 2.
In the part of Paris called the "Quartier Latin - (Latin Quarter)" a crowd has gathered. Street sellers are selling things. The friends are happy. Rodolfo buys Mimi a bonnet. The friends go into a café.
As the men and Mimi dine at the café, Musetta, who used to be Marcello's sweetheart, arrives with Alcindoro, an old, rich minister. She talks to him as if he is a little dog. She is tired of him. She sings a naught song ("Quando me'n vo — When I go along"), hoping that Marcello will be interested in her again. Soon Marcello becomes jealous. with jealousy. To be rid of Alcindoro for a bit, she pretends to have a tight shoe and sends him with it to the shoemaker. As the group sings, Musetta and Marcello fall into each other's arms.
The friends have to pay for the meal, but they have not got enough money. Musetta gets the bill to be paid by Alcindoro. The sound of soldiers is heard, and, picking up Musetta, Marcello and Colline carry her out on their shoulders while everyone claps. When all have gone, Alcindoro arrives with the repaired shoe. He looks for Musetta. The waiter hands him the bill. He is horrified by how much he has to pay, and sinks into a chair.
Act 3.
At the toll gate, peddlers pass through and enter the city. Amongst them is Mimì. She has a terrible cough. She tries to find Marcello, who lives in a little tavern nearby where he paints signs for the innkeeper. She tells him of her hard life with Rodolfo, who has left her that night. Marcello tells her that Rodolfo is asleep inside, but he wakes up and comes out looking for Marcello. Mimì hides and hears Rodolfo telling Marcello why he left Mimi. At first he says Mimi does not love him seriously, but then he tells the truth: he left her because she seems to be dying of a terrible illness: (tuberculosis, which was called "consumption" in the 19th century). Rodolfo is poor and can do little to help Mimi. He hopes that a rich man may fall in love with her and pay for her to have medical treatment. Out of kindness towards Mimì, Marcello tries to stop Rodolfo telling him all this, but she has already heard everything. She has to cough, and Rodolfo realizes she is there. They sing of their lost love, and agree that they should separate, but they love one another so much and agree to stay together until the spring. In contrast to this loving couple, Marcello and Musetta now quarrel.
Act 4.
Back in the attic Marcello and Rodolfo are both sad at losing their loved ones. Schaunard and Colline arrive with a tiny bit of food. They pretend they are having a big feast, and they all dance. Musetta arrives with news: Mimi, who had found a rich gentleman, has now left him and is wandering in the streets feeling very ill and weak. Musetta has brought Mimi back with her to the attic room. Mimi is helped into a chair. Musetta and Marcello leave to sell Musetta's earrings in order to buy medicine, and Colline leaves to pawn his overcoat. Schaunard leaves quietly to give Mimi and Rodolfo time together. Left alone, they remember their past happiness. They remember their first meeting. Rodolfo gives her the pink bonnet he bought her, which he has kept as a souvenir of their love. The others return, with a gift of a muff to warm Mimi's hands and some medicine, and tell Rodolfo that a doctor has been called, but it is too late. As Musetta prays, Mimi dies. Rodolfo collapses in tears.
Movie.
In 1926, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) made a movie based on the opera.

Sud-Est_Department
Sud-Est (English: "South-East") is one of the ten departments (French: "départments", singular "départment") of Haiti. Its capital is Jacmel.
It has an area of 2,023 km² and a population of 518,200. It was part of the Sud Department.
It is bordered to the north by the Ouest Department, to the west by the Sud Department and to the south the Caribbean Sea. It borders the Dominican Republic to the east.

Aichtal
Aichtal is a town in the district of Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located 18 km south of Stuttgart.

Stronger_(Kanye_West_song)
"Stronger" is a 2007 song by Kanye West.

Hundred_Years'_War
The Hundred Years' War was fought between France and England during the late Middle Ages. It lasted 116 years from 1337 to 1453. The war started because Charles IV of France died in 1328 without a son and Edward III of England believed he had the right to inherit the crown of France through his mother. The French did not want a foreign king, so Philip VI of France said he ought to be king because women could not transmit the right to rule to their sons. The two countries went to war because of this disagreement.
At the beginning of the war France was a much stronger country. France had about 17 million people while England had only about 4 million people. France had an alliance with Scotland against England, and England tried to ally with parts of the Low Countries. The English won a great victory at sea in the Battle of Sluys in 1340 that prevented France from invading England. After that the war was fought almost totally in France. England won again at the Battle of Crécy in 1346 because of the longbow.
From 1348 to 1356 there was very little fighting because of the Black Death. Then Edward, the Black Prince of Wales won the Battle of Poitiers for England. King John II of France was captured during the battle. The English invaded France again but were not able to take any more cities. A truce gave England about one-fourth of France.
The new king Charles V of France was more successful with Bertrand du Guesclin as his best knight. The Black Prince was busy at another war and Edward III was too old to lead an army again. So France allied with Castile against England and Portugal. France won back many French towns from the English during this time. A peace followed from 1389-1415.
Then the most famous part of the war began. Henry V of England invaded France and won the Battle of Agincourt with many longbow men. King Charles VI of France was insane and unable to rule, and nearly all his sons died very young. The queen of France Isabeau of Bavaria married one of her daughters to Henry V and signed the Treaty of Troyes to make Henry V the next king of France. Both Henry V and Charles VI died at almost the same time. So the English believed Henry VI of England was the new king of France and many French people agreed. Charles VI's last son Charles VII of France said he ought to be the new king, but many people said he did not deserve to be king because somebody else had probably been his father.
The English continued to capture land in France until Joan of Arc led the army to success at the Siege of Orleans and the Battle of Patay in 1429. She regained many cities and brought Charles VII to his coronation, but she did not recover Paris. Her enemies captured and killed her. After her death the French continued to take back territory, although more slowly. France had a diplomatic win in 1435 with the Treaty of Arras. The war ended in 1453.

Bad_Dürrheim
Bad Dürrheim is a town in the district of Schwarzwald-Baar, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is north of Donaueschingen, and southeast of Villingen.

Shane_McMahon
Shane Brandon McMahon (born January 15, 1970) is the son of the Chairman of World Wrestling Entertainment, Vince McMahon. Shane works for the company as it's "Executive Vice President of Global Media". While working for the company, he sometimes competes as a wrestler.

Pio_Baroja
Pío Baroja y Nessi (December 28 1872, San Sebastián–October 30 1956, Madrid) was a Spanish writer. He was one of the main novelists of the Generation of '98. He was a member of an well known family. One of his relatives was a painter and engraver. His nephew Julio Caro Baroja was a well known anthropologist.

Britpop
Britpop is a type of alternative rock that started in the United Kingdom. Britpop came out of the British independent music scene of the 1990s and affected, or changed, by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s. This kind of music began as a reaction against some trends, or styles, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, such as grunge from the United States. After American grunge bands such as Nirvana came to Britain, many British bands acted as opposites to the American bands, and wrote about only British topics and concerns.
Britpop bands did not have one type of sound, but the media called them first a 'scene', or short-lasting trend. Later, the media called them a national importance. Blur, Oasis and Pulp have been called the most important bands.. Some bands were able to become popular overseas, but Britpop was mostly gone by the end of the decade.

Brendon_Urie
Brendon Boyd Urie (b. April 12, 1987 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is the lead singer of the rock band Panic at the Disco. He also plays keyboard, accordion, piano, organ, bass, guitar, cello and drums.

Live_Session_EP
"Live Session EP" is an EP released by the rock band Panic at the Disco on June 13, 2006. It is available only as a digital download from the iTunes Store. It has a more acoustic feel to the songs.

Stralsund
Stralsund is a city in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany, situated at the southern coast of the Strelasund (a sound of the Baltic Sea separating the island of Rügen from the mainland).
In 1293 Stralsund became a member of the Hanseatic League.
From 1949 until German Reunification in 1990, Stralsund was part of the German Democratic Republic.

Financial_endowment
A financial endowment is money given to something to be saved in an investment. This is done so that the money will make a bigger difference when it is saved up over time.

Sultan_Ahmed_Mosque
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a mosque in Istanbul, Turkey. It is also known as the Blue Mosque, but that name can also refer to other mosques. It was built between 1609 and 1616, when Ahmed I ruled the Ottoman Empire. Like with many other mosques, the founder of the mosque is buried in it. There is also a madrasah and a hospice associated with the mosque. Today it is one of the greatest tourist attractions in Istanbul.

Bautzen_Rural_District
Bautzen (Upper Sorbian "Wokrjes Budyšin") is a district in the Free State of Saxony in Germany.
The district was created in 1994 by joining the former districts of Bautzen and Bischofswerda. The independent city of Hoyerswerda will become a part of the district in 2008

Mulda
Mulda is a municipality of the Freiberg Rural District, in Saxony, Germany.

Oliver_Neuville
Oliver Neuville (born May 1, 1973) is a German footballer. At the moment he playes for Borussia Mönchengladbach. For the German national football team he has played 69 matches and scored 10 goals.

Salic_law
The Salic law was a set of laws established by King Clovis I for the Salian Franks during the sixth century. It stayed important in parts of western Europe for a long time because Charlemagne based his laws on the Salic law. One part of Salic law that stayed very important was inheritance for kings. The Salic law said that land goes to sons and not daughters.

Fundamentalism
Fundamentalism is a term that can have different meanings. Originally it was used to describe some people in the Protestant community in the United States in the early 20th century. These people had a set of well defined ("fundamental") values. These values were in opposition to more modern ideas. The group also said it was important to stick to what faith (the Bible) told them.
Today, the term is used more generally. It is now used to describe groups of people who will stick to their (mostly moral, and religious) values even though these values may be criticised by many people. These values may also be unpopular. Modern-day fundamentalists want to go back to the roots of certain ideological or religious positions. Very often, they are prepared to use force, if that is necessary.

Epic_of_Gilgamesh
The "Epic of Gilgamesh" is an epic poem from ancient Mesopotamia and is one of the earliest works of literary fiction ever known.
The most complete version that exists today was preserved on twelve clay tablets in the library collection of the 7th century BCE Assyrian king Ashurbanipal.
Scholars think that already very early a series of Sumerian legends and poems about the mythological hero-king Gilgamesh existed and that they were gathered into a longer Akkadian poem some time before the 7th century BCE.
The essential story is about the relationship between Gilgamesh, a king who has become distracted and disheartened by his rule, and a friend, Enkidu, who is half-wild and who undertakes dangerous quests with Gilgamesh. Much of the epic focuses on Gilgamesh's thoughts of loss following Enkidu's death, and is often credited by historians as being one of the first literary works with high emphasis on immortality.
The epic is widely read in translation, and the hero, Gilgamesh, has become an icon of popular culture.
History.
Gilgamesh's supposed historical reign is believed to lie within the period 2700 to 2500 BC, 200-400 years before the earliest known written stories.
Some aspects of the Gilgamesh flood myth seem to be related to the story of Noah's ark in the Bible; see deluge.

613_Ginevra
613 Ginevra is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by August Kopff in 1906. Its provisional name was 1906 VP.

Delitzsch_Rural_District
Delitzsch is a rural district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
History.
After the Congress of Vienna in 1815 Saxony had to give a lot of its land to Prussia, including the region of Delitzsch. The Prussian government made the district of Delitzsch.
Prussia was dissolved after the end of the Nazi era. Delitzsch was made a part of the new state of Saxony-Anhalt. In 1953 the East German government dissolved the states. After the German reunification in 1990, the states were made again, but now Delitzsch and Eilenburg (two districts made of the former Delitzsch district) were given to Saxony instead of Saxony-Anhalt. The two districts were joined in 1994 and gave the district in its present borders.
Geography.
The district is in the triangle between the big cities of Leipzig, Halle and Bitterfeld. It is mostly countryside, and used for farming. The Mulde River runs through the east part of the district. On the eastern banks there is the Düben Heath ("Dübener Heide") nature park.

InSuggest
inSuggest is a World Wide Web service, which gives suggestions based on users' taste and interest.
inSuggest has two different alternatives, Image inSuggest and Web inSuggest
It is a Web 2.0 service. When users make their searches better, they are also making inSuggest.

620_Drakonia
620 Drakonia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Joel Metcalf in 1906. Its provisional name was 1906 WE.

Geneva_(disambiguation)
Geneva is a city in Switzerland.

Bülach_(district)
Bülach is one of 12 districts of the Canton of Zürich in Switzerland, with about 117,000 inhabitants make it the third largest in the canton.

Adlikon_bei_Andelfingen
Adlikon bei Andelfingen is a municipality of the district Andelfingen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.

Dippoldiswalde
Dippoldiswalde is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is the capital city of the Weißeritzkreis district. It is situated east of Freiberg, and south of Dresden.
The town is situated on the Weisseritz railway, a narrow gauge railway powered by steam locomotives.

Golden_Horse_Film_Festival_and_Awards
The Golden Horse Film Festival and Awards or simply Golden Horse, also known as 臺北金馬影展 in the People's Republic of China, is a film festival and awards ceremony held annually in Taiwan. The ceremony usually takes place in November or December in Taipei.
The awards, contested by submitted Taiwan, Hong Kong, mainland China movies and from elsewhere, are generally held to be the most prestigious for Chinese language movies outside the People's Republic of China. The awards ceremony is held after the month-long film festival, which showcases some of the nominated movies for the awards.
Winners are selected by a jury of judges during the week before the ceremony is held. Winners are awarded with a golden horse statuette.
Under current rules and regulations, every movie made primarily in any dialect of Chinese language is eligible for competition. Since 1996, almost any artist or movie from the mainland China were allowed enter the awards.

Geographic_coordinate_system
Image:WorldMapLongLat-eq-circles-tropics-non.png|thumb|440px|Map of Earth showing lines of latitude (horizontally) and longitude (vertically), Eckert VI projection;
A Geographical Coordinate System is a Coordinate system. This means that every place can be specified by a set of three numbers, called coordinates.
A full circle can be divided into 360 degrees (or 360°); this was first done by the Babylonians; Ancient Greeks, like Ptolemy later extended the theory.
Today, degrees are divided further. There are minutes, and seconds; 1 minute (or 1') in this context is 1/60 of a degree; 1 second (or 1") is 1/60 of a minute.
The first concept needed is called "latitude" (Lat, or the Greek symbol "phi", formula_1). For it, the Earth is cut up into 180 circles, from the Equator. The poles are at 90°, the North Pole is at 90° N(orth), the South Pole is at 90° S(outh). Places with the same latitude are on a circle, around the Earth.
The other concept is called "longitude" (Long, or the Greek symbol "lambda", formula_2), sometimes referred to as "meridian". The 0° longitude line (or zero meridian) goes through the Royal Observatory in Greenwich. Greenwich is a part of London. Then lines are drawn in a similar way; the opposite (or "antipodal") meridian of Greenwich is considered both 180°W(est), and 180°E(ast).
The third number is the height, altitude, or depth. This is given with respect to some fixed (usually easily calculable point). One of these is called Mean Sea Level.

Jerichower_Land
Jerichower Land is a district ("Kreis") in the north-east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
History.
After World War II the old Prussian districts of Jerichow were changed. Some areas were given to the neighbouring districts of Havelberg, Rathenow, Brandenburg, Loburg and Zerbst. The two districts were also renamed after their chief town. Jerichow became Burg, and Jerichow II became Genthin. In 1952 the district of Burg was split into two parts, Loburg and Burg.
In 1994 the two districts of Burg and Loburg were merged, and took the old name of Jerichow. In 2007, 6 municipalities from the former district of Anhalt-Zerbst (Hobeck, Lohburg, Lübs, Prödel, Rosian and Schweinitz) were added to Jerichower Land.
The name is from a group of tribes of early Slavic. The name is not connected with how the. city of Jericho.

MADtv
MADtv is television show aired on late night FOX. It is a comedic show where they perform sketches, improv and songs. It is rated TV-14 due to profane language and sexual substances. It has been on air for several years now. It shows at 23:00/22:00 central.

Aesch,_Zürich
Aesch is a municipality of the district Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.

Giada_De_Laurentiis
Giada Pamela De Laurentiis is an Italian-American chef and host for Food Network TV shows. She was born on August 22, 1970.

Conanthera
Conanthera is a genus of 3-4 species of small Chilean bulbous plants with small panicles of blue, purple or white and purple flowers. The plant reproduces by offsets or seed.

Lourdes
Lourdes (Occitan name "Lorda") is a town and commune in the southwest of the Hautes-Pyrénées department. It is in the first Pyrenean foothills, in southwestern France.
It is overlooked from the south by the Pyrenean peaks of Aneto, Montaigu, and Vignemale (3,298m), while around the town there are three summits reaching up to 1,000 m, which are known as the Béout, the Petit Jer and the Grand Jer.
Lourdes was originally a small unremarkable market town lying in the foothills of the Pyrenees. At that time the most prominent feature was the fortified castle which rises up from the centre of the town on a rock. Following the claims that there were apparitions of Our Lady of Lourdes to Bernadette Soubirous in 1858, Lourdes has developed into a major place of Christian pilgrimage.
Today Lourdes has a population of around 15,000 inhabitants but is able to take in some 5,000,000 pilgrims and tourists every season. Lourdes has the second greatest number of hotels in France after Paris with about 270 establishments.
It is the joint seat of the diocese of Tarbes-et-Lourdes.

Oberspreewald-Lausitz
Oberspreewald-Lausitz is a "Kreis" (district) in the southern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
Geography.
The Spree river runs through the district; along its banks there is the Spreewald, a wooded area and home of several rare animals. The district is part of the historic region of Lusatia.
History.
The district was made in 1993 by joining the old districts Calau and Senftenberg and small part of the district Bad Liebenwerda.

Prignitz
Prignitz () is a "Kreis" (district) in the northwestern part of Brandenburg, Germany.
The present district was formed in 1993 by joining the old districts of Pritzwalk and Perleberg and some municipalities from the district of Kyritz. The westernmost part of the district was a part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, and changed to be part of Brandenburg on August 1, 1992.

IC50
The IC50 is a measure of how effective a drug is. It indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance is needed to inhibit a given biological process (or component of a process, i.e. an enzyme, cell, cell receptor or microorganism) by half. In other words, it is the half maximal (50%) inhibitory concentration (IC) of a substance (50% IC, or IC50). It is commonly used as a measure of antagonist drug potency in pharmacological research. Sometimes, it is also converted to the pIC50 scale (-log IC50), in which higher values indicate exponentially greater potency. According to the FDA, IC50 represents the concentration of a drug that is required for 50% inhibition "in vitro".
It is comparable to an EC50 for agonist drugs. EC50 also represents the plasma concentration required for obtaining 50% of a maximum effect "in vivo".

Hünenberg
Hünenberg is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.

Kennedy_Space_Center
The Kennedy Space Center is on Cape Canaveral in Florida, USA. It is the place where NASA rockets are launched and Space Shuttles take off and land.

Schaffhausen_(canton)
Schaffhausen is a canton of Switzerland. The capital city of the canton is Schaffhausen.
Geography.
The canton of Schaffhausen is the canton of Switzerland farthest north, located to the north of Zurich.
The Rhine Falls are the biggest waterfalls in Europe and lie on the border of the canton of Schaffhausen, the canton of Zurich and Germany.

Robert_Dyas
Robert Dyas is a large United Kingdom company. They sell goods that people can use in their homes and gardens. The company has over 100 stores in Greater London and South East England.
History.
The company was established in 1872. It was taken over in 2004 by Change Capital, headed by former Marks and Spencer chairman Luc Vandevelde and former M&S CEO and head of B&Q Roger Holmes.

Hemmental
Hemmental is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.

Ramsen
Ramsen is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in northern Switzerland.

112_(band)
112 ("one-twelve") is an American R&B quartet that came from Atlanta, Georgia.

Yves_Ternon
Yves Ternon (born in 1932 in France) is a French historian specializing on historical research of the Jewish Holocaust and the Armenian Genocide. Doctor of history of University Paris IV Sorbonne. He is also an active member of "Doctors Without Borders" organization.

Waterboarding
Waterboarding is a procedure that has been used to make people confess. It has been in used for a long time. Today, many people see it as a form of torture.
The victim is tied onto a table or wooden board. The questioner has a helper, whose job it is to pour water on the victim's nose and mouth through a towel or cloth, to make it difficult for him to breathe. If and when the victim is supplying answers that the questioner deems acceptable, the victim (ideally) is permitted to breathe.

Bettlach,_Switzerland
Bettlach is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Capetian_dynasty
The Capetian Dynasty includes any of the direct descendants of Hugh Capet of France. King Juan Carlos of Spain and the grand duke of Luxembourg are members of this family, both through the Bourbon branch of the dynasty.
The "direct Capetians" ruled France from the years 987 - 1328. After that the junior House of Valois ruled France until 1589, and the House of Bourbon ruled until the revolution of 1792.

La_Plata
La Plata is a capital city of the Buenos Aires province, Argentina.
Population.
It has a population of over 600,000 inhabitants.

Tandil
Tandil is a city of the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
Location.
The city is about 330 km from La Plata and Bahía Blanca, 160 km from Mar del Plata, and 360 km from Buenos Aires
Population.
Its population is about 110,000 inhabitants.

Mecklenburg-Strelitz_Rural_District
Mecklenburg-Strelitz is a "Kreis" (district) in the southern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. The district-free city (urban district) of Neubrandenburg is nearly completely surrounded by Mecklenburg-Strelitz district.
The capital of the duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was the town of Strelitz. In 1712 a fire completely destroyed the town. The duke decided to build a new town on the shores of a small lake called the Zierker See. This town became Neustrelitz, or in English "New Strelitz".
The district was created by joining the three old districts Neubrandenburg, Neustrelitz and Strasburg in 1994.

Variety_show
A variety show is a television show that features a variety of performing acts. These may include actors, musicians and singers, acrobats, comedians, and other kinds of performers. Similar shows appeared earlier on radio, and were a newer kind of vaudeville.
Ed Sullivan hosted a long-running variety show on CBS, from the 1940s to the early 1970s. The Smothers Brothers hosted a comedy/variety show in the late 1960s. Other performers hosted successful variety shows through the years.
Variety shows were a good "breaking ground" for new acts, in the early years of television. They were also useful to established performers, to give them steady work and regular exposure to audiences.
Interest in the format lessened in the United States during the 1970s. Dolly Parton tried to start a new variety show in the 1980s, but it did not last. Performance competition shows, like "The Gong Show", "Star Search", and today "American Idol" became the new breaking ground for performers.
The variety show format is still sometimes imitated by ensemble comedy programs. Television talk shows carry much of the spirit of variety shows, in offering a variety of entertainers to appear.

Gevelsberg
Gevelsberg is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr Rural District the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Geography.
Schwelm is situated in the southeast of the "Ruhrgebiet", the Ruhr Area of Germany.

Comodoro_Rivadavia
Comodoro Rivadavia is the largest city of the Chubut Province, Argentina.
Location.
The city is on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean about 1.733 km from Buenos Aires.
Population.
Its population is about 135,632 inhabitants.

643_Scheherezade
643 Scheherezade is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by August Kopff in 1907. Its provisional name was 1907 ZZ.

Büren,_Solothurn
Büren is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Erlinsbach,_Solothurn
Erlinsbach is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Grenchen
Grenchen is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
With a population of around 16,000 people, it is one of the largest municipalities in the canton of Solothurn.
History.
In the year 1000, a castle was built in Grenchen and was lived in for a few hundred years, but the name Grenchen was not first used until 1131. Its name comes from the Gallo-Romanic word "graneca", which means "by the grainery".

Lippe_Rural_District
Lippe () is a "Kreis" (district) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The district of Lippe is named after the Lords of Lippe and their Principality of Lippe. It was a state within the Holy Roman Empire and today is a district of North Rhine-Westphalia.
History.
The last prince of Lippe was forced to abdicate in 1918 after the end of World War I when Germany became a republic, his country became a "Freistaat" (Free State) in the German republic. In 1932 the state was divided into two districts, Detmold and Lemgo.
In 1973 the two districts Lemgo and Detmold were merged to the district Lippe.
Cuisine.
The most famous dish served in Lippe is the Pickert. In the past it was known as a meal for poor people. The main ingredients are potatoes, flour and raisins.

South_India
South India is the area in the south part of India. It contains four states. They are Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu. It also contains two union territories namely, Lakshadweep and Pondicherry. South India is distinguished by language as the home of the Dravidians, while some non-Dravidian communities (such as the Konkanis) live in South India.
South India is bordered by the Arabian Sea in the west, Indian Ocean in the south and the Bay of Bengal in the east. There are two important mountain ranges. They are Western Ghats and Eastern Ghats. The Tungabhadra and Kaveri rivers are important non-perennial sources of water. People who llive in South India are referred to as "South Indians". Many of the South Indians are Dravidians and they speak one of four Dravidian languages — Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil or Telugu. In the past, it was ruled by many kingdoms who ruled over parts of South India. Because these kingdoms also ruled southern and southeastern Asia, the history and cultures of modern nation-states such as Sri Lanka, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore also have South Indian culture. This region was later ruled by Britain and gradually incorporated into the British Empire.
The growth of economy of South Indian states are higher than national average growth over the past three decades. South Indian states have fared better than those of North India in some socio-economic metrices, economic disparity, illiteracy and poverty continue to affect the region much like the rest of the country. Agriculture is the single largest contributor to the regional net domestic product, while Information technology (IT) is also growing fast. Literary and architectural styles, evolved over two thousand years, differ from other parts of the country. Politics in southern India is dominated by smaller regional political parties rather than by national political parties.
History.
Carbon dating on ash mounds associated with neolithic cultures in South India date back to 8000 BCE. Artefacts such as ground stone axes, and minor copper objects have been found in the region. Towards the beginning of 1000 BCE, iron technology spread through the region; however, there does not appear to be a fully developed Bronze Age preceding the Iron Age in South India. South India was a crossroads of the ancient world, linking the Mediterranean and the Far East. The southern coastline from Karwar to Kodungallur was the most important trading shore in the Indian subcontinent resulting in intermingling between locals and traders. The South Indian coast of Malabar and the Tamil people of the Sangam age traded with the Graeco-Roman world. They were in contact with the Phoenicians, Romans, Greeks, Arabs, Syrians, Jews, and Chinese.
There were several significant rulers and dynasties in south Indian history. Dynasties such as the Satavahanas of Amaravati, Kadambas of Banavasi, Western Ganga Dynasty, Chalukya dynasty of Badami, Western Chalukyas, Eastern Chalukya, Cheras, Cholas, Hoysalas, Kakatiya dynasty, Pallavas, Pandyas, and Rashtrakutas of Manyaketha have ruled over South India. The late medieval period saw the rise of Muslim power in South India. The defeat of the Kakatiya dynasty of Warangal by Tughlaq forces of the Delhi Sultanate in 1323 CE heralded a new chapter in South Indian history. The struggle of the period was between the Bahmani Sultanate based in Gulbarga (and later, Bidar) and the Vijayanagara Empire with its capital in Vijayanagara in modern Hampi.
With the fall of Vijayanagara and the break-up of the Bahmani sultanate, the Qutb Shahi dynasty of Golconda and Hyderabad became the dominant power in the region. Qutb Shahi dominance of the region continued until the middle of the seventeenth century, when the Mughals under Aurangzeb made determined inroads into the Deccan. Following Aurangzeb’s death, Mughal power weakened, and South Indian rulers gained autonomy from Delhi. The Wodeyar kingdom of Mysore, the Asaf Jahis of Hyderabad, and Marathas all gained power.
In the middle of the eighteenth century, the French and the British initiated a protracted struggle for military control of South India. Shifting alliances between the two European powers and the local powers marked the period with mercenary armies being employed by all sides causing general anarchy in South India. As the British consolidated power over much of India in the late 1850s, they allowed the French to retain their possessions over Pondicherry. The four Anglo-Mysore wars and the three Anglo-Maratha wars saw Mysore, Pune and Hyderabad allying themselves with the British or the French. South India during the British colonial rule was divided into the Madras Presidency and Hyderabad, Mysore, Thiruvithamcoore (also known as Travancore), Kochi (also known as Cochin or "Perumpadapu Swaroopam"), Vizianagaram and a number of other minor princely states. British Residents were stationed in the capitals of the important states to supervise and report on the activities of the rulers.
The "States Reorganisation Act" (1956) created new states (Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala) and reorganised modern-day Tamil Nadu along linguistic lines. Additionally, the enclaves of French India, which were ceded to India in the 1950s, were constituted into the union territory of Pondicherry.
Geography.
South India is a peninsula in the shape of a vast inverted triangle, bounded on the west by the Arabian Sea, on the east by the Bay of Bengal and on the north by the Vindhya and Satpura ranges. The Narmada flows westwards in the depression between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges. The Satpura ranges define the northern spur of the Deccan plateau. The Western Ghats, along the western coast, mark another boundary of the plateau. The narrow strip of verdant land between the Western Ghats and the Arabian Sea is the Konkan region. The Western Ghats continue south, forming the Malnad (Canara) region along the Karnataka coast, and terminate at the Nilgiri mountains, an inward (easterly) extension of the Western Ghats. The Nilgiris run in a crescent approximately along the borders of Tamil Nadu with northern Kerala and Karnataka, encompassing the Palakkad and Wayanad hills, and the Satyamangalam ranges, and extending on to the relatively low-lying hills of the Eastern Ghats, on the western portion of the Tamil Nadu - Andhra Pradesh border. The Tirupati and Annamalai hills form part of this range. The low lying coral islands of Lakshadweep are off the south-western coast of India. Sri Lanka lies off the south-eastern coast, separated from India by the Palk Strait and the chain of low sandbars and islands known as Rama's Bridge. The Andaman and Nicobar islands lie far off the eastern coast of India, near the Tenasserim coast of Burma. The southernmost tip of mainland India is at Kanyakumari (Cape Comorin) on the Indian Ocean.
The Deccan plateau is the vast elevated region bound by the C-shape defined by all these mountain ranges. No major elevations border the plateau to the east, and it slopes gently from the Western Ghats to the eastern coast. The plateau is watered by the east flowing Godavari and Krishna rivers. The other major rivers of the Deccan plateau are the Pennar and the Tungabhadra, a major tributary of the Krishna. The three major river deltas of South India, the Kaveri, the Godavari and the Krishna, are located along the Bay of Bengal. These areas constitute the "rice bowls" of South India.
The region has a very tropical climate with the monsoons playing a major part. The South - West Monsoon accounts for most of the rainfall in the region and much of it falls from about June to October. The south-west monsoon starts from Kerala during June and moves up towards the northern parts of India. Tamil Nadu and southeast Andhra Pradesh receive rains from the North - East Monsoon from about November to February.
Much of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka has a distinct dry season from about October - May when there is not much rainfall. This region also experiences cooler nights from October to March while the days are pleasantly warm. In the northern parts of the region temperatures can fall below 10 degrees Celsius on occasions at night during this time. Days are very hot from March to June when temps can go over 40 degrees. The southern coastal region has an average minimum temperature of 20 degrees and maximum of 35 degrees.
Flora and fauna.
There is a wide diversity of plants and animals in South India, resulting from its varied climates and geography. Deciduous forests are found along the Western Ghats while tropical dry forests and scrub lands Deccan thorn scrub forests are common in the interior Deccan plateau. The southern Western Ghats have high altitude rain forests called the South Western Ghats montane rain forests. The Malabar Coast moist forests are found on the coastal plains. The Western Ghats itself is a biodiversity hotspot.
Some of India's famous protected areas are found in South India. These include Project Tiger reserves Periyar National Park, Kalakad - Mundanthurai and Nagarjunsagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve. Important ecological regions of South India are the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve, located at the conjunction of the borders of Karnataka, Kerela and Tamilnadu in the Nilgiri Hills including Mudumalai National Park, Bandipur National Park, Nagarhole National Park Silent Valley National Park, Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary and Nugu Wildlife Sanctuary and the Anamalai Hills including the Eravikulam National Park, Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary, Parambikulam Wildlife Sanctuary and the adjacentThe Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary and National Park of the Western Ghats. Important bird sanctuaries including Ranganathittu Bird Sanctuary, Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary, Neelapattu Sanctuary and Pulicat Sanctuary are home to numerous migratory and local birds. Other protected ecological sites include the backwaters like the Pulicut Lake in Andhra Pradesh, Pitchavarum in Tamil Nadu and the famed backwaters of Kerala formed by the Vembanad Lake, the Ashtamudi Lake and the Kayamkulam Lake.
Banana, "Musaparadisiaca" and "Moringa oleifera" are found extensively in Lakshadweep while coconut plantations provide economic support to the islands. Lashadweep has been declared a bird sanctuary by the Wildlife Institute of India. Crabs, chiefly hermit crabs, parrot fish and butterfly fish are also found on the islands.
Subdivisions.
Madras State was renamed "Tamil Nadu" in 1968, while Mysore State was renamed "Karnataka" in 1973.
Each subregion is further divided into districts; the region of South India has over 100 districts. Each state is headed by a Governor, who is a direct appointee of the President of India, while the Chief Minister is the elected head of the state government and represents the states ruling party or coalition (the role of the Governor is largely ceremonial).
Demographics.
The estimated population of South India is 233 million. The largest linguistic groups in South India include the Telugus, Tamils, Kannadigas, Malayalis, Tulus, Kodavas and Konkanis. About 83% of South Indians follow Hinduism. Islam has the second-highest number of followers in the region, with 11%, while 5% follow Christianity.
The average literacy rate of South India is approximately 73%, considerably higher than the Indian national average of 60%. Kerala leads the nation with a literacy rate of 91%. The sex ratio in South India is fairly equable at 997; Kerala is the only state in India with a favourable sex ratio. The population density of the region is approximately 463. Scheduled Castes and Tribes form 18% of the population of the region. Agriculture is the major employer in the region — 47.5% of the population is involved in agrarian activities. About 60% of the population lives in permanent housing structures. 47.8% of South India has access to tap water. Wells and springs are other major forms of water supply.
The languages of South India are the Dravidian represented by Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, and Malayalam besides Gondi and other minor dialects, and the Austro-Asiatic by the Munda languages. South India's predominant language family is Dravidian, a family of approximately seventy-three languages spoken in South Asia. The languages of the Dravidian family Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada and Telugu have been influenced by Sanskrit to varying degrees and the converse is true as well. The States Reorganisation Act of 1956 divided states in India along linguistic lines and led to the creation of separate states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu in areas where Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam and Tamil respectively were dominant.
In the 2001 Census, Telugu had the third largest base of native speakers in India (74 million), after Hindi and Bengali. Tamil was accorded the status of classical language by the Government of India in 2002 and had about 60 million native speakers. Kannada had 38 million, while Malayalam had 33 million native speakers. Each of these languages is listed as an "official language" of India, per the "Official Languages Act" (1963).
Urdu is spoken by over half of the 25 million Muslims in South India. South Indian Muslims in some regions of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka speak a dialect of Urdu called Dakhni, while some in the Dakshina Kannada region of Karnataka and regions in Kerala speak "Beary bashe". Both Dakhni and "Beary bashe" are influenced by other South Indian languages. Tulu, a Dravidian language prevalent in coastal Kerala and Karnataka, is spoken by about 1.5 million people in the region, while Konkani, an Indo-Aryan language is spoken by over half a million people in the region. In coastal Karnataka and Kerala, Konkani and Tulu draw heavy influences from Kannada and Malayalam respectively. English is also widely spoken universal language of South India.
Economy.
India's economy after independence in 1947 conformed to a socialist framework, with strict governmental control over private sector participation, foreign trade and foreign direct investment (FDI). Through 1960-1990, South Indian economies experienced mixed economic growth. In the 1960s, Karnataka and Kerala achieved above average economic growth, while Andhra Pradesh's economy declined during this period. Similarly, Kerala experienced economic decline in the 1970s while the economies of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu consistently exceeded national average growth rates after 1970. Karnataka experienced the highest positive differential in economic growth after the liberalisation of the Indian economy in 1991, while Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka were noted by some to be more reform-oriented in terms of economic policy when compared to other Indian states.
Over 48% of South India's population is engaged in agriculture, which is largely dependent on seasonal monsoons Some of the main crops cultivated in South India include paddy, sorghum, pearl millet, pulses, sugarcane, cotton, chilli, and ragi. Areca, coffee, tea, vanilla, rubber, pepper, tapioca, and cardamom are cultivated on the hills, while coconut grows in abundance in coastal areas. Andhra Pradesh is the largest producer of rice in India, while Karnataka produces 70% of India's coffee. Frequent droughts in northern Karnataka, Rayalaseema and Telangana have left farmers debt-ridden, forcing them to sell their livestock and sometimes even to commit suicide. The region also suffers from water scarcity, especially during summer. Since the liberalisation of the Indian economy, South India has seen a decrease in revenue from agriculture and agriculture related services.
Traditionally, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka have been home to large, public sector industries (referred to as Public Sector Undertakings, or PSUs), with both states posting above average growth rates in this sector following economic liberalisation. Chennai accounts for about 35% of India's overall automotive components while the registered headquarters of 42% of all Central PSUs in South India are located in Karnataka. Additionally, the growth of information technology (IT) hubs in the region have spurred economic growth and attracted foreign investments and job seekers from other parts of the country. Bangalore, the "Silicon Valley of India", is India's IT hub, and is home to over 200 software companies. In fiscal 2006-2007, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka attracted the third and fourth highest total FDI approvals in India, respectively, totalling to over Software exports from South India grossed over in fiscal 2005-06. Though Kerala lags behind many of the Indian states in terms of industrialisation, it ranks first in the country in terms of quality of life.
Politics.
Politics in South India is dominated by a mix of regional parties and larger national political parties like the Congress (INC), the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)). With the exclusion of Karnataka, each state has at least two parties dominating politics in that state.
Pre-independence politics in the Madras Presidency was dominated by the Justice Party and the INC. Periyar Ramasami who started the Periyar movement was elected leader of the Justice party in 1938 and in 1944 renamed it to Dravidar Kazhagam, with its initial aim being the secession of "Dravida Nadu" from the rest of India on independence. Following independence, Periyar strongly believed that the party should not participate in elections in the newly created India, something his closest followers disagreed with. In 1948, C. N. Annadurai, a follower of Periyar and a Joint Secretary of Dravidar Kazhagam parted ways with Periyar to form the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam political party.INC's political influence over Tamil Nadu gave way to the rise of the DMK which formed its first government in 1968 and again in 1978. The following year, a split in the DMK resulted in the formation of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK), lead by M. G. Ramachandran. Together, the AIADMK and the DMK currently command a 60% share in Tamil Nadu state elections.
The imposition of Hindi on non-Hindi speaking areas of India has often been a contentious issue in Tamil Nadu. In January-February 1965, large scale anti-Hindi agitations, a cause championed by the DMK, occurred in Tamil Nadu.
In 1982, the establishment of the Telugu Desam Party in Andhra Pradesh by former Telugu actor Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao (NTR) broke the dominance of the INC in Andhra Pradesh politics. NTR successfully challenged the INC's supremacy in the state and his party was voted into power a total of four times. In 1996, a year after winning the state assembly election by a landslide, a dispute between NTR, his wife Lakshmi Parvati and his immediate family resulted in a split in the TDP. Concerned over undue influence over NTR and his policies, the bulk of the party favoured the family under the leadership of NTR's son-in-law, N Chandrababu Naidu, who later became Chief Minister of the state. Naidu was regarded as a visionary who promoted the growth of information technology in the state.
The Janata Dal has been far more successful in Karnataka than it has been in national politics. National political parties such as the BJP and INC have experienced more comparative success in Karnataka than they have in other states of South India. Karnataka's political environment is dominated by two rival caste groups — the Vokkaligas and the Lingayats. Ramakrishna Hegde played an integral part in the ascent of the Janata Dal into the national foray in the late 1980s. However, it was his political rival H. D. Deve Gowda, then the Chief Minister of Karnataka, who later went on to become the Prime Minister of India.
Kerala hosts two major political alliances: the United Democratic Front (UDF, led by the Indian National Congress) and the Left Democratic Front (LDF, led by the Communist Party of India (Marxist)). Kerala numbers among India's most left-wing states. An interesting phenomenon of Kerala politics is the alternate election of Congress and the Communists to power.
Culture and heritage.
According to some experts, the "weltanschauung" of South Indians is essentially the celebration of the eternal universe through the celebration of the beauty of the body, and motherhood, which is exemplified through their dance, clothing, and sculptures. South Indian women traditionally wear the Saree while the men wear a type of sarong, which could be either a white "pancha" or a colourful "lungi" with typical batik patterns.
Rice is the staple diet, while fish is an integral component of coastal South Indian meals. Coconut is an important ingredient in Kerala whereas Andhra Pradesh cuisine is characterized by pickles and spicy curries. Hyderabadi cuisine a legacy of the past, is popular for its Biryani. Dosa, Idli, Uttapam are popular throughout the region. There are large coffee estates in southern Karnataka and parts of Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
The music of South India is known as Carnatic music, which includes rhythmic and structured music by composers like Purandara Dasa, Kanaka Dasa, Tyagaraja, Annamacharya, Muthuswami Dikshitar, Shyama Shastri, Subbaraya Shastri, Mysore Vasudevachar and Swathi Thirunal. The contemporary singer Dr. K. J. Yesudas is a cultural ambassador of Carnatic music. The motion picture industry has emerged as an important platform in South India, over the years portraying the cultural changes, trends, aspirations and developments experienced by its people. Some movie classics like Nammukku paarkkaan munthiri thoppukal (1986) by Padmarajan, Adi Shankara (1984) by director G V Iyer, and Perumthachan (1990) by Ajayan have gained worldwide acclaim. South India is home to several distinct dance forms — the Koodiyattam, Bharatanatyam, Kuchipudi, Kathakali, Yakshagana, Theyyam, Ottamthullal, Oppana, Kerala Natanam and Mohiniaattam.
South India has an independent literary tradition going back over 2000 years. The first known literature of South India are the poetic Sangams, which were written in Tamil between 2000 to 1500 years ago. The 850 CE Kannada classic "Kavirajamarga" written by King Amoghavarsha I makes references to Kannada literature of King Durvinita in the early sixth century CE. Tamil Buddhist commentators of the tenth century CE "Nemrinatham" make references to Kannada literature of the fourth century CE. Distinct Malayalam and Telugu literary traditions developed in the following centuries.
South India has two distinct styles of rock architecture, the "pure dravida" style of Tamil Nadu and the "Vesara" style (also called "Karnata dravida" style) present in Karnataka. The inspirational temple sculptures of Hampi, Badami, Bhattiprolu, Pattadakal, Aihole, Belur, Halebidu, Lakkundi, Shravanabelagola, Mahabalipuram, Tanjore, Madurai and the mural paintings of Travancore and Lepakshi temples, also stand as a testament to South Indian culture. The paintings of Raja Ravi Varma are considered classic renditions of many a scenes of South Indian life and mythology.Murudeshwara, a town in Uttar Kannada district is known for the world's tallest Shiva statue.
The main spiritual traditions of South India include both Shaivite and Vaishnavite branches of Hinduism, although Buddhist and Jain philosophies had been influential several centuries earlier. Shravanabelagola in Karnataka is a popular pilgrimage center for Jains. Ayyavazhi is spread significantly across South India. Its followers are more densely populated in South Tamil Nadu and Kerala. There is a large Muslim community in South India, particularly in the Malabar coast, which can trace its roots to the ancient maritime trade between Kerala and Omanis and other Arabs. Christianity has flourished in coastal South India from the times of St. Thomas the Apostle who is believed to have come to Kerala and established the Syrian Christian tradition today called as Saint Thomas Christians or Nasranis. Kerala is also home to one of the oldest Jewish communities in the world who are supposed to have arrived in the Malabar coast during the time of King Solomon. The oldest surviving Jewish synagogue in the Commonwealth of Nations is the Paradesi Synagogue in Kochi, Kerala.

Oberbergischer_Rural_District
The Oberbergische Kreis is a Landkreis (rural district) in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
"Oberbergische" means "Upper Bergian", meaning it is the part of the mediaeval county of Berg which is up river. The other part of the county, lower down the river Wupper was called Niederbergisch or Lower Berg.
The districts in North Rhine Westphalia were changed between 1969/75. That is when the district coulod its currect size.

Gänsbrunnen
Gänsbrunnen is a municipality in the district Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Hägendorf
Hägendorf is a municipality in the district Olten in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Unna_Rural_District
The Unna () district is a Kreis (district) in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
History.
The area was known as Hamm for a long time. In 1901 the town of Hamm itself became a separate urban district, but government of Hamm Rural District stayed in the city until 1929. In that year the administration was moved to Unna, when the district name also changed to Unna.
By 1975, the towns of Lünen, Schwerte, Selm and Werne had joined the district.

Geodude
Geodude is a rock-type Pokémon. It has a body that is basically a rock with arms. It evolves into Graveler. The Gym leader of Pewter City, Brock, uses a geodude as well as an Onix. The best thing to use to beat a Geodude would would be a grass type Pokemon such as Bulbasaur or Bellsprout.
Geodude can involve into Graveler and then into Golem.

Oscar_de_la_Hoya
Oscar de la Hoya (born July 19, 1973), also known as the "Golden Boy", was a Mexican American boxer. He won a gold medal for the United States at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Kora_(instrument)
The kora is a 21-string harp-lute used mostly by peoples in West Africa.

653_Berenike
653 Berenike is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It is named after Berenice II of Egypt, after whom the constellation Coma Berenices is also named.
It was found by Joel Metcalf in 1907. Its provisional name was 1907 BK.

Francesca_Lia_Block
Francesca Lia Block (born January 3, 1962 in Los Angeles, California) is the writer of many books for teenagers. She is best known for the Weetzie Bat series of books. Block wrote her first book, "Weetzie Bat", while she wasa student at UC Berkeley. Harper Collins published it in 1989. She is known for her use of imagery, or ability to paint pictures with words. This is best seen in describing the city of Los Angeles.
Block was born in Los Angeles to a poet and a painter. The creativity they gave Francesca was a big influence on what she wrote. Another influence was her love of Greek mythology and fairy tales when she was a child.
Block belongs to the Authors Guild, Authors League of America, and the Writers Guild of America.

Saarbrücken_District
The Regionalverband Saarbrücken is a "Kommunalverband besonderer Art", that is, it is a special mix of a rural district and a district free city. It is located in the south of the Saarland, Germany.
History.
The district Saarbrücken was originally created in 1816.
In 1974 the district and the district-free city Saarbrücken were merged, and the was named "Stadtverband Saarbrücken". Although it's not a district like others, most of its administrative tasks are same as those of a district.
Geography.
The Saar River flows through the district, through the city Saarbrücken in the centre of the district.

Bertrand_du_Guesclin
Bertrand du Guesclin (c. 1320 – 13 July 1380), was a French knight from Brittany who fought in the Hundred Years' War. He was Constable of France from 1370 to his death. He was important to the French successes in the war under Charles V of France.

Luis_Aragonés
Luis Aragonés (born July 28,1938) was a Spanish football player and football coach since 1974. He played in Real Oviedo, Real Betis, and Atlético de Madrid. He also was the managed of Real Oviedo, Real Betis and Atlético de Madrid. Also was the coach of FC Barcelona, Valencia CF, Sevilla FC, RCD ESpanyol and RCD Mallorca. In the actuality is the Spain National football team.He is a coach of Fenerbahçe team any more

Shimao_International_Plaza
Shimao International Plaza is a skyscraper in Shanghai, China. It is 333 meters (1093 feet) tall and has 60 floors. It was built in 2006 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world

Stop_and_Stare
"Stop and Stare" is the second single by pop rock band OneRepublic, produced by Greg Wells, from their debut album "Dreaming Out Loud". "Stop and Stare" was released to US radio on November 27, 2007.

Coburg_Rural_District
Coburg is a rural district in Upper Franconia in north Bavaria, Germany.
History.
The history of the district is largely influenced by the city of Coburg. From 1826 to 1918, the region was part of the small duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. After World War I, the Coburg portion of this state decided to join Bavaria. The present district is identical to that portion, but excludes the city of Coburg and the exclave of Königsberg, which is part of Haßberge district. The city of Neustadt was a district-free city until 1972 and was then made part of the district.
Geography.
The district is located in the hilly country between the Thuringian Slate Mountains and the Main valley.

New_York_Philharmonic
The New York Philharmonic is the oldest symphony orchestra in the United States which still exists, and one of the most famous orchestras of the world. It performs most of its concerts at the Avery Fisher Hall in New York.
The orchestra started in 1842. At that time it was called the Philharmonic Society. At its first concert the orchestra played a very long programme which included Beethoven’s "Symphony No. 5" conducted by Ureli Corelli Hill. The musicians worked as a cooperative or "communistic" society. This meant that the musicians themselves made up the rules about how the orchestra should be run: who would become a member, which music would be performed, and who would conduct. At the end of each season they divided any money the orchestra had earned amongst themselves.
Beethoven's ninth and a new home, 1846.
The orchestra were a great success, but they needed a new concert hall. They gave a fund-raising concert which included Beethoven's "Symphony No. 9". It was the first time it had ever been played in America. The concert took place in Castle Garden on the southern tip of Manhattan. There were about 400 performers in the orchestra and choir. The words that the choir sings were translated into English. It was the first time this work had been sung in English anywhere in the world. However, the tickets cost a lot of money: US$2.00 each, so not so many people came. It was some time before the orchestra got their concert hall. Many people thought Beethoven's 9th symphony was a strange piece of music because the choir only sing in the last movement which is called "Ode to Joy". In 1865 Theodore Eisfeld conducted the Orchestra’s memorial concert for the recently assassinated Abraham Lincoln, but the last movement was not performed because it was thought that the "Ode to Joy" was not suitable for the sad occasion.
Competition from another orchestra, 1878.
Leopold Damrosch, who had been Franz Liszt's concertmaster at Weimar, was the orchestra’s conductor for the 1876-1877 season. But the public did not like him, so he started his own orchestra: the Symphony Society of New York. When he died in 1885, his 23-year-old son Walter Johannes Damrosch took over and continued the competition with the old Philharmonic. It was Walter who would make the rich Scotsman Andrew Carnegie realize that New York needed a really good concert hall and on May 5, 1891 both Walter and the Russian composer Tchaikovsky conducted at the first concert of the city's new Music Hall. A few years later this new hall was renamed Carnegie Hall after the man who gave the money for it to be built.
Theodore Thomas began conducting the Philharmonic in 1877 and made it a very good orchestra. In 1891 Thomas left New York to found the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
Anton Seidl conducted the orchestra until 1898. Seidl had worked as Wagner's assistant and was famous for conducting Wagner’s music. He gave the first performance of Antonín Dvořák's Ninth Symphony "From the New World." Many people were sad when Seidl suddenly died in 1898 from food poisoning at the age of 47. Twelve thousand people applied for tickets to his funeral at the Metropolitan Opera House at 39th Street and Broadway and the streets were jammed with people and traffic.
New management, 1909.
In 1909 the orchestra was organized differently. Instead of a cooperative, they were run by a small group of people called guarantors. They persuaded Gustav Mahler to be principal conductor. Instead of 18 concerts a season they gave 54, which included a tour of New England. Mahler was used to conducting opera, but now he could conduct symphonies, and he introduced audiences to his own compositions. During his time the orchestra were given regular salaries for the first time.
Between 1911 and 1920, the Philharmonic's conductor was Josef Stransky, who led every single one of the orchestra's concerts during this period.
Mergers and outreach, 1921.
When the Philharmonic joined together with the National Symphony in 1921, they had the Dutch conductor Willem Mengelberg. He stayed there for nine years, although other conductors, including Bruno Walter, Wilhelm Furtwängler, Igor Stravinsky, and Arturo Toscanini, led about half the concerts. They started to have an outdoor symphony series, playing low-priced summer concerts at Lewisohn Stadium in upper Manhattan. In 1920 the orchestra hired Henry Hadley as "associate conductor" to perform concerts which included works by American composers.
In 1924, the Young People's Concerts were started, and soon grew to 15 concerts per season by the end of the 1920s. They started to make recordings. In 1928 they joined together with another orchestra, the New York Symphony Society. Toscanini conducted the newly organized orchestra, and continued until 1936.
The War years, 1940.
The English conductor John Barbirolli and the Pole Artur Rodzinski, were joint replacements for Toscanini in 1936. The next year Barbirolli was made the main conductor, a post he held until the spring of 1941. In 1943, Rodzinski became conductor. He had also been conducting on the Sunday afternoon radio broadcast when CBS listeners around the country heard the announcer break in on Arthur Rubinstein's performance of Brahms's Second Piano Concerto to tell them about the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Artur Rodzinski, Bruno Walter, and Sir Thomas Beecham made a series of recordings with the Philharmonic for Columbia Records during the 1940s.
The Telegenic Age, 1950.
Leopold Stokowski and Dimitri Mitropoulos were the orchestra’s two conductors in 1949, with Mitropoulos becoming conductor in 1951. Mitropoulos often conducted new music and music that was not well known. In 1957, Mitropoulos and Leonard Bernstein served together as Principal Conductors until, in the course of the season, Bernstein was made conductor, becoming the first American-born-and-trained conductor of the Philharmonic.
Leonard Bernstein was Music Director for 11 seasons. Many new things happened during this time. Two television series were started on CBS: the "Young People's Concerts" and "Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic." The first of these started in 1958. It was a new idea and it won every award for educational television. Bernstein continued the orchestra's recordings with Columbia Records until he retired as music director in 1969. He got lots of composers, especially American composers such as Aaron Copland, to write new works for the orchestra.
In 1971 Pierre Boulez became the first Frenchman to have the job of conductor of the Philharmonic. Boulez had new ideas about music to be performed. He was a composer himself and often performed modern music.
Ambassadors abroad.
Zubin Mehta became conductor in 1978. He, too, conducted a lot of new music.
Kurt Masur, who had often been conducting the Philharmonic since 1981, became conductor in 1991. During his time he included a series of free Memorial Day Concerts at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine and annual concert tours abroad that included the orchestra's first trip to mainland China. His stayed until 2002, and was then given the honorary title “Music Director Emeritus of the Philharmonic”.
On 26 February 2008 the Philharmonic gave a concert in Pyongyang in North Korea. It was the first time since the end of the Korean War in 1953 that there had been an important cultural visit from the United States to North Korea.
A third century, 2000.
In September 2002, 60 years after conducting the Orchestra at the age of twelve at Lewisohn Stadium, Lorin Maazel became conductor of the Philharmonic. In his first subscription week he conducted the first ever performance of John Adams' "On the Transmigration of Souls". This work had been composed in memory of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. He performed new music as well as music of the well-known composers. He will stay with the orchestra until the end of the 2008-2009 season.

102_(number)
102 is a number. It comes after 101 and before 103.

Neo-Babylonian_Empire
The term Neo-Babylonian Empire (also known as Chaldea) is talking about the Babylonia era during the 11th, or Chaldean, dynasty.
History.
It was ruled by this dynasty between 626 BC when Nabopolassar rebelled against Assyria till 539 BC when Cyrus the Great captured the city of Babylon. The king Nebuchadnezzar II ruled this kingdom from 605 BC - 562 BC. Chaldea started out as referring to the southern part of Babylonia until a Chaldean became the king of Babylon.

Tennessee_River
The Tennessee River is a tributary, or a river that flows into, the Ohio River. Its path makes a cresent. It starts in eastern Tennessee before entering Alabama. After entering Alabama it goes north and for a few miles, forms the boundary between Alabama and Mississippi. Then it flows through Tennessee and Kentucky, where it joins with the Ohio River at the city of Paducah. The watershed for the Tennessee River includes parts of the states of Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi.

Macumba
Macumba is one of the Afro-Brazilian religion that mixes Umbanda, Quimbanda, Candomblé and other religions, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

667_Denise
667 Denise is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by August Kopff in 1908. Its provisional name was 1908 DN.

670_Ottegebe
670 Ottegebe is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by August Kopff in 1908. Its provisional name was 1908 DR.

Mossflower
"Mossflower" is a fantasy book that was written in 1988 by Brian Jacques. It is the second book in the Redwall series, and was translated into eight different languages besides English.

T._V._Carpio
Teresa Victoria Carpio, more commonly known as T. V. Carpio, is a Chinese / Filipina singer, songwriter and actress. She is the daughter of Asian singing star Teresa Carpio, with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer.
Carpio played Prudence in the 2007 musical film "Across the Universe". She has also appeared on television, including a TV movie and episodes of "The Jury" and "Law & Order". She made her Broadway debut in "Rent" as Alexi Darling and others, appearing from December 2006 until April 2007.

Louisiana_Purchase
The Louisiana Purchase was a purchase made by U.S. President Thomas Jefferson in 1803. He bought the Louisiana territory from France, which was being led by Napoleon Bonaparte at the time, for $15,000,000 USD. At first the men sent to France were allowed to spend up to $10,000,000 USD in order to buy New Orleans and, if possible, the west bank of the Mississippi River. But then the French government said that for five million more dollars they would sell all of the Louisiana territory. Thomas Jefferson approved the deal and used his constitutional power to sign treaties to buy the land. Napoleon sold the land because he was desperate for money and he was afraid of losing his North American territories to the British.
The purchase added 827,000 square miles and doubled the size of the U.S.. This included all of the states of Oklahoma, Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa, Missouri, and part of the states of Louisiana, Texas, Minnesota, Colorado, New Mexico, Wyoming, Montana, North Dakota, and South Dakota. It also included a small piece of land is now part of Canada. The city of St. Louis was in the territory, also.
The Louisiana Purchase is important because it gave the U.S. control of the Mississippi River and the port city of New Orleans, both of which were used by farmers to ship their crops and get paid. It also got rid of one country that might try to harm the new nation because France sold all of their North American territory.
The Lewis and Clark expedition explored the Louisiana Purchase and the Oregon Territory. They started from St. Louis. Their route traced the Missouri River.

The_Long_Patrol
"The Long Patrol" is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques in 1997. It is the tenth book in the Redwall series. "The Long Patrol" has been translated into four different languages including Finnish, French, Italian, and Swedish.

Angus_cattle
The Angus cattle is a Scottish breed of black hornless cattle.

Fritz_Reuter
Fritz Reuter (November 7, 1810–July 12, 1874) was a German novelist. He was born at Stavenhagen in Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
In 1831, Reuter started to study at the University of Rostock, and in 1832 went to the University of Jena. At Jena he joined a "Burschenschaft" (political students' club). In 1833 he was arrested in Berlin by the Prussian government. He had only been only wearing the club's colours, but he was condemned to death for high treason. King King Frederick William III of Prussia changed this to imprisonment for thirty years. In 1838 he was sent to a prison in Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and he spent two years in the fortress of Dömitz. Reuter was set free in 1840, when Frederick William IV became king of Prussia.
After his release from prison, Reuter started studying law again at the University of Heidelberg but had to leave and go back to Stavenhagen and help to run his father's farm. When his father died, he gave up farming, and in 1850 became a private teacher in the little town of Treptow in Pomerania. Here he married Luise Kunze, the daughter of a Mecklenburg pastor.
Reuter's first book was written in Low German. It was published in 1853. Three years later Reuter decided to give up teaching to become a writer, so he left Treptow and moved to Neubrandenburg.
"Ut de Franzosentid" and "Ut mine Stromtid" are Reuter's best books. In them he describes the men and women he knew in the villages and farmhouses of Mecklenburg. "Ut de Franzosentid" is set at the time of the fight against Napoleon. "Ut mine Stromtid" describes the revolutionary movement of 1848.
In 1863 Reuter moved from Neubrandenburg to Eisenach and here he died on 12 July 1874. In the books he wrote at Eisenach were not as good as his earlier writings.
Further reading.
A complete bibliography of Fritz Reuter can be found in the "Niederdeutsches Jahrbuch" for 1896 and 1902.

Eulalia_(novel)
Eulalia is the nineteenth book in the Redwall novel series, and was written by Brian Jacques in 2007.

Varanasi
Varanasi (Sanskrit: वाराणसी "Vārāṇasī",Telugu: వారణాసి, [ʋaːɾaːɳəsiː), also commonly known as Benares and Kashi, is a city situated on the banks of the river Ganga (Ganges) in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh regarded holy by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains, and is one of the oldest continually inhabited cities in the world along with Damascus.

Christopher_Paolini
Christopher Paolini (born November 17, 1983 in Southern California) is an American writer. He is best known as the writer of the Inheritance cycle, which has the books "Eragon", "Eldest", "Brisingr", and the fourth book. He lives in Paradise Valley, Montana.
Christopher Paolini is famous for publishing his book, Eragon when he was only seventeen years old. He began writing the book when he was fifteen.

Jousting
Jousting was a sport for rich people in Europe during the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. It was fought by knights on horses using different weapons such as lances, battle axes, daggers, and swords. The knights wore armor and fought in tournaments.

Rubiaceae
Rubiaceae is a family of flowering plants, variously called the madder, bedstraw, or coffee family. There are about 600 genera and more than 10,000 species in Rubiaceae.
There are three subfamilies: "Rubioideae", "Cinchonoideae" and "Ixoroideae".

Nuclear_force
Nuclear force is the force between nucleons. It is the force that pulls protons and neutrons into atoms. It is very hard to break the bond, or tie, between protons and neutrons in an atom, because nuclear force holds them together. When the bond is broken, this is called nuclear fission.

Finntroll
Finntroll is a folk metal band from Finland. They mix elements of extreme metal with Finnish polka, called "humppa". Finntroll's lyrics are in Swedish, one of Finland's two national languages, because they say "Swedish just sounds damn trollish". Finntroll means "Troll from Finland" or "a spotty troll".
History.
Finntroll was founded in 1997, by Teemus Raimoranta. One year later they recorded their first demo, "Rivfader". After the demo Samu Ruotsalainen (drums),Samuli Ponsimaa (guitar), Henri Sorvali (keyboard) and Sami Uusitalo joined the band. The record company Spinefarm got interested in the band and then their first album "Midnattens Widunder" was recorded.
In 2001 the album "Jaktens Tid" (English: "The time of the Hunt") was released. As they became more and more popular, Century Media started to promote Finntroll. That summer Finntroll played their first open air festivals in Finland. The year after the release of the album "Jaktens Tid" the band couldn't go on tour, because their singer had a tumor in his vocal cords. That is why he stopped singing in the band after the album "Visor om Slutet" (English: "Songs about the End"). This album was recorded in January 2003, in a forest cabin near Helsinki. Shortly before the release of "Visor om Slutet" Raimoranta died, because he fell of a bridge in Helsinki. He had drunk too much alcohol. Finntroll went on tour to Europe anyway, together with the band Katatonia. The guitarist Mikael Karlbom replaced Raimoranta. In 2004, the band released an EP, "Trollhammaren" (English: "The Troll Hammer"), and an album called "Nattfödd" (English: "Nightborn").
On January 29th, 2006, Tapio Wilska, vocalist of the band since 2003, left the band.
A new album, called Ur Jordens Djup (English: "From the Depths of the Earth"), was released March, 2007. This album had more epic keyboard riffs to make it sound more like polka.

Henry_I
Many different people were named Henry I, including

690_Wratislavia
690 Wratislavia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Joel Metcalf in 1909. Its provisional name was 1909 HZ.

695_Bella
695 Bella is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Joel Metcalf in 1909. Its provisional name was 1909 JB.

Household_Cavalry
The British Household Cavalry, is a army corps (pronounced "core") of two regiments of soldiers. Cavalry regiments, until the end of World War I, were always "mounted" on horses. Nowadays "cavalry regiments" are mounted on tanks. The British Household Cavalry is unusual because they are also still mounted on horses. The reason for this is that they are part of the "Household Division". In Britain the "Household Division" has the special duty of guarding the monarch and the royal household. The term "Household Division" is used in all Commonwealth countries.
In many other countries there are similar highly-trained army corps which guard the head of state and have ceremonial duties as well as regular military service. Regiments of this sort can be found in Australia, Brunei, Belgium, Canada, Denmark and many other countries. But when speaking in English of the "Household Cavalry", the term generally refers to the "British Household Cavalry".

Luigi_Fabbri
Luigi Fabbri (1877 – 1935), was an Italian anarchist, writer, agitator and propagandist who was charged with defeatism during the World War I. He was the father of Luce Fabbri.
Life and death.
Born in Fabriano (Ancona), Italy in 1877, Fabbri was first sentenced for anarchist activities at the age of 16 in Ancona, and spent many years in and out of Italian prisons. Fabbri was a long time supporter of to the anarchist press in Europe and later South America, including co-editing, with Errico Malatesta, the paper "L'Agitazione". He helped edit the paper "Università popolare" in Milan.Fabbri was a delegate to the International Anarchist Congress held in Amsterdam in 1907. He died in Montevideo, Uruguay in 1935.

Epimetheus
Epimetheus is a titan in Greek mythology, and is the brother of Prometheus, a Greek titan who gave all of the creatures something to protect themselves from the elements. By the time he came to the humans, he had run out of feathers and fur to give. He went to his brother, and he gave humans fire.
Epimetheus literally means "thinks after" and Prometheus means "thinks before".

Pitcairn_Islands
The Pitcairn Islands are four islands in the Pacific Ocean. It is an overseas territory of the United Kingdom with only 50 inhabitants. The inhabitants are well-known for being descendants of the "Bounty" mutineers..

Philately
Philately is the study and collection of postage stamps.

Nail_bomb
A nail bomb is a weapon that is made of a bag of nails with an bomb inside. When the bomb goes off, the nails fly out in all directions, like a bullet.

Snorri_Sturluson
Snorri Sturluson (1178 – September 23, 1241) was an Icelandic historian, poet and politician. He was three-time elected lawspeaker at the Icelandic parliament, the Althing. He was the author of the "Prose Edda" or "Younger Edda" and the "Heimskringla", a history of the Norwegian kings that begins with legendary material and moves through to early medieval Scandinavian history.

705_Erminia
705 Erminia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. Its name comes from the comic opera "Erminie".
It was found by Emil Ernst in 1910. Its provisional name was 1910 KV.

714_Ulula
714 Ulula is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Joseph Helffrich in 1911. Its provisional name was 1911 LW.

Stone_circle
A Stone circle is an ancient monument. It is made of several standing stones, usually Menhirs that are arranged in a certain way. Very often those stones form circles or ellipses. The number of stones can vary between four and 60. Very often, burial sites are located in the circle, or nearby.
Most likely stone circles were used for rituals. They might also have been used at calendars; some stone circles are arranged so that certain sotnes are lit on special dates, like the summer solstice.

Michael_Emerson
Michael Emerson (born September 7, 1954) is an American theatre, television, and movie actor. He won an "Outstanding Guest Actor" Emmy in 2001 for a part on "The Practice", but is currently most famous for playing Zep Hindle in the 2004 film "Saw" and Ben Linus in the television series "Lost".
Early life.
Emerson was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and grew up in the nearby town of Toledo, Iowa. He studied theater and art at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, and graduated in 1976. He then moved to New York City. He had trouble finding work as an actor so he took retail jobs and worked as a freelance illustrator. In 1986, he moved with his first wife to Jacksonville, Florida. In Jacksonville, between 1986 to 1993, he was in local productions, and worked as a teacher and director.
Career.
Emerson thought about not being an actor and being a teacher instead, because it is a more stable job. He decided to go back to school and get a Master of Fine Arts. He thought it might help him meet theatre professionals and directors.
Emerson's first big role was in 1997. He starred as Oscar Wilde in Moises Kaufman's play, "Gross Indecency: The Trials of Oscar Wilde," and then was in many other plays. In 1998, he acted with Uma Thurman in the off-Broadway production of "The Misanthrope". In 1999, he played the part of Willie Oban in "The Iceman Cometh" with Kevin Spacey. He co-starred with Kate Burton in both "Give Me Your Answer, Do!" and "Hedda Gabler".
In movies and television, Emerson played somewhat dangerous, damaged characters. He played the roles so that the character would seem mysterious. In 2001, he won an Emmy Award as "Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series", for playing the (fictional) confessed serial killer William Hinks in several episodes of "The Practice".
One of Emerson's most well-known works was in 2004, as the character Zep Hindle in the horror movie "Saw". In 2006, Emerson began guest-starring on the television series "Lost" as Henry Gale/Ben Linus. He was originally planned to be in a small number of episodes, but he returned for season 3 as a main cast member. In 2007, he was nominated for another Emmy Award for his work on the series.

Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky
Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky () is a city in Russia. Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky is the administrative, industrial and cultural center of Kamchatka Krai. Population: 198,028 (2002).
The city lies on the Pacific coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula.
It was founded by Vitus Bering in 1740 and was named after ships the "St. Peter" and the "St. Paul".
Institute of volcanology and seismology of Far East Branch of Russian Academy of Sciences is located in the city.
Climate is mild. Annual average temperature is +2,4 °C.

Stanley,_Iowa
Stanley is a city in the Buchanan and Fayette counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. There were 128 people living in Stanley as of the year 2000. The city has an area of 0.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.

Schwabhausen,_Thuringia
Schwabhausen is a municipality in Gotha Rural District, Thuringia. It is not part of any verwaltungsgemeinschaft.

Interstate_H-1
Interstate H-1 (abbreviated H-1) is the busiest interstate highway in Hawaii, United States, located on the island of O‘ahu. Despite the number, this is an east-west highway—the 'H'-series (for Hawaii) numbering reflects the order in which routes were funded and built. H-1 goes from Route 93 (Farrington Highway) in Kapolei to Route 72 (Kalanianaole Highway) in Kāhala. East of Middle Street in Honolulu (exit 19A), H-1 is also known as the Lunalilo Freeway and is sometimes signed as such at older signs in central Honolulu. West of Middle Street, H-1 is also known as the Queen Liliʻuokalani Freeway; this name is shown on some roadmaps. It is the westernmost interstate highway in the United States.

728_Leonisis
728 Leonisis is an asteroid of the Flora family, found by Johann Palisa in 1912 in Vienna. Its provisional name was 1912 NU.
Astronomers are not sure what its spectral class is. It has been previously placed in the rare A and L classes. These are generally "stony" spectra, but with significant differences from the usual S-type. The unusual spectrum brings Leonisis' membership in the Flora family into doubt.

Montfaucon,_Switzerland
Montfaucon is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

Ilm-Kreis_Rural_District
Ilm-Kreis is a district in Thuringia, Germany.
History.
In medieval times the territory was ruled by the counts of Henneberg and the princes of Schwarzburg, two local dynasties. While Ilmenau was ruled by Henneberg, Arnstadt belonged to Schwarzburg. When the Henneberg family became extinct in 1583, Ilmenau was acquired by Saxony. The principality of Schwarzburg was split up between family members into several tiny states. One of those states (Schwarzburg-Arnstadt) was based in Arnstadt; it was founded in 1574 and existed until 1716, when it became part of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen. It became part of Thuringia when the Freestate of Thuringia was founded in 1920.
The district was founded in 1920 (under the name Arnstadt); it was divided in 1952 into the districts of Arnstadt and Ilmenau, but joined together again in 1994.

731_Sorga
731 Sorga is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by A. Massinger in 1912. Its provisional name was 1912 OQ.

Schmalkalden-Meiningen_Rural_District
Schmalkalden-Meiningen is a "Landkreis" (rural district) in the west of Thuringia, Germany.
History.
The district was created in 1994 by joining the old districts of Schmalkalden, Meiningen and part of Suhl-Land.
Partnerships.
The district has a partnership with the Vogelsbergkreis in Hesse, as well as with the Komitat Pest in Hungary.

Prosecution
In legal matters, the prosecution is the person or people (lawyers or barristers) who argue in a court case that another person or people (the defendant/s) has committed a crime.

Scripps_Ranch,_San_Diego,_California
Scripps Ranch is a suburb of San Diego, California. It is home to the EW Scripps mansion.

Nennigkofen
Nennigkofen is a municipality in the district Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.

Wealth
Wealth often means that much money is available. But there are several other aspects that can be more important. If one thinks of single persons one will look at their personal property like land and livestock. Looking at countries one thinks of GDP per capita and of natural capital.
The original meaning of the old English word for "weal", where wealth comes from, was "well-being" or welfare. (It was an adjective.)

Polymath
A polymath (Greek "polymathēs", πολυμαθής, "having learned much") is a person with encyclopedic, broad, or varied knowledge or learning.
It means that the person knows a lot about many different things, not just one thing.
"Renaissance Man" and "Homo Universalis" are related terms to describe a person who is well educated, or who excels, in a wide variety of subjects or fields.
Three examples of "Renaissance Men" and "universal geniuses", so to say "polymaths" in the strictest interpretation of the word are listed here. The list includes the "Hakeem" of the Islamic Golden Age (also known as the "Islamic Renaissance"), who are considered equivalent to the Renaissance Men of the European Renaissance era.

3-1-1
3-1-1 is a special telephonenumber used for non-emergency call to municipal services. It is used in several cities in Canada and the United States. 3-1-1 was created to receive many of the calls which commonly were made to 9-1-1 which were common questions and not emergencies.
United States.
3-1-1 is available in several major American cities, including: Akron, Albuquerque, Austin, Baltimore, Charlotte, Chattanooga, Chicago, Columbus, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Hartford, Houston, Kansas City, Las Vegas, Little Rock, Los Angeles, Miami, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Mobile, Nashville, New York City, Rochester, Orlando, Pittsburgh, San Antonio, San Francisco, San Jose, Somerville, and Washington, D.C..
Canada.
Other Canadian municipalities are expected to use 3-1-1 in the near future. These include Edmonton, Winnipeg and Toronto.

Gabe_Witcher
Gabe Witcher is a United States fiddle player and singer-songwriter, famous as a member of Punch Brothers. Witcher has also toured with artists such as Jerry Douglas.

Middle-earth_locations
This article is about the fictional locations, landscapes, mountains, rivers etc. from J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth universe.
Beleriand.
Beleriand was a large region in northwestern Middle-earth until the end of the First Age. Beleriand lies between the sea in the west and south, and the Blue Mountains in the east.
At the end of the First Age, Beleriand is destroyed and covered by the sea.
Eriador.
Eriador is a large region in Middle-earth. Is lies between the Blue Mountains in the west, the Misty Mountains in the east, the Ice-bay of Forochel in the north, and the rivers Glanduin and Greyflood in the south.
In the earlier part of the Third Age much of Eriador was part of the kingdom of Arnor. Apart from Arnor, other settlements in Eriador of the Third Age were Rivendell, Breeland and the Shire.
Rhovanion.
Rhovanion or Wilderland is a large region in Middle-earth. It lies east of the Misty Mountains and south of the Grey Mountains and the Iron Hills. The river Anduin flows through it from the Grey Mountains to the Emyn Muil. A big part of Rhovanion is covered by the forest of Mirkwood.
Rhûn.
Rhûn is a large region in Middle-earth. It is the lands east of Rhovanion, and around the Sea of Rhûn.
Harad.
Harad or Haradwaith is the name for the lands south of Gondor and Mordor. The coasts of Harad were settled by the "Black Númenóreans". The peoples living in Harad were often influenced by Sauron and made war with the western realms. In the Fourth Age the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor made peace with Harad. In Harad also lived the elephant-like "mûmakil" (or oliphaunts).
Ered Luin.
The Ered Luin (Sindarin: Blue Mountains), also known as Ered Lindon, are a mountain range in the far west of Eriador. Until the end of the First Age, the Ered Luin separated Beleriand and Eriador. In the middle of the mountain range is a gap, creating the Gulf of Lhûn/Lune, where the Grey Havens lie.
Ered Mithrin.
The Ered Mithrin (Sindarin: Grey Mountains) is mountain range to the north of Rhovanion. At the western end of the Grey Mountains is Mount Gundabad of the Misty Mountains, east of it lie the Iron Hills.
Ered Nimrais.
The Ered Nimrais (Sindarin: "Whitehorn Mountains") or White Mountains are a mountain range, which lies between Gondor in the south and Rohan in the north. In its western part the White Mountains are separated from the Misty Mountains by the "Gap of Rohan", near which lies the valley of Helm's Deep. Through the Mountains ran the "Paths of the Dead". The easternmost end of the White Mountains is the mountain Mindolluin, on which lies the city of Minas Tirith.
Misty Mountains.
The Misty Mountains (or Sindarin Hithaeglir) are a great mountain range, between Eriador in the west and Rhovanion in the east. At the southern end of the Misty Mountains lies Isengard, at the northern end Mount Gundabad. Under the Misty Mountains lies the old dwarven city Khazad-dûm.
Mount Doom.
Mount Doom (Sindarin: Amon Amarth) or Orodruin (Sindarin: "fiery mountain") is a volcano in northeastern Mordor. Inside the volcano are the Sammath Naur (or Cracks of Doom) where Sauron made the One Ring, and which is the only place where the Ring can be destroyed.
Weathertop.
Weathertop (Sindarin Amon Sûl, "Hill of Wind") is a hill in Eriador; it is the southernmost and highest summit of the Weather Hills. The Weather Hills lie next to the Great East Road, about halfway between the Shire and Rivendell.
On Weathertop was the Tower of Amon Sûl, a watch-tower built by the kingdom of Arnor. Oneof the "palantíri" was kept in the Tower. In T.A. 1409 the Tower was destroyed, and only ruins were left. In October T.A. 3018, Aragorn and the hobbits camped on Weathertop and were attacked by the Ringwraiths; Frodo Baggins was wounded by a Morgul-blade.
Anduin.
The Anduin is the largest river in Middle-earth. It comes out of the Grey Mountains and flows through Rhovanion and the Emyn Muil. There it goes through the rapids of Sarn Gebir and over the Falls of Rauros. After that it flows between the White Mountains and the Mountains of Shadow. It flows into the sea in a broad river delta.
Bruinen.
Bruinen or Loudwater was a river in Eriador. It began in the Misty Mountains, and flowed south, through the valley of Rivendell, and into the river Mitheithel.
Baranduin.
The Baranduin or Brandywine River is a river in Eriador. It begins out of Lake Evendim in northern Eriador, and flows south. It flows through the Shire, and at last into the sea.
Arnor.
Arnor was a human realm in Eriador. It was founded by Elendil and his people, who survived the Fall of Númenor towards the end of the Second Age. The peoples living in Arnor were the descendants of the Númenorean survivors, and the indigenous human peoples who had lived there before. The capital of Arnor was the city Annúminas on the shores of Lake Evendim in northern Eriador. Elendil became the first King of Arnor; after his death, his older son Isildur became King.
After the death of the tenth king, Eärendur, in T.A. 861, his three sons split Arnor into three new lands, one for each of them: Arthedain in the west, Cardolan in the south, and Rhudaur in the north. With time, all three countries were destroyed in wars against the northern land Angmar.
After the War of the Ring, the land again became part of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor, ruled by King Elessar Telcontar and his descentants.
Breeland.
Breeland is a small region in Eriador, which lies around the Breehill. It has four villages: Bree (the biggest), Archet, Combe and Staddle. The peoples living in the villages of Breeland are Men and Hobbits; it is the only place where both people live together. The only other place inhabited by Hobbits is the Shire.
Bree lies at the meeting point of two large roads, the Great East Road and the North-South Road, which made it an important centre of trade and travel.
Esgaroth.
Esgaroth or Lake-town or is a town in the northeast of Rhovanion. It is built at the Long Lake, south of the Lonely Mountain and east of Mirkwood. It was destroyed by the dragon Smaug, but was rebuilt.
Erebor.
The Lonely Mountain or Sindarin Erebor is a mountain in the northeast of Rhovanion. When the dwarves had to leave their ancient home Khazad-dûm, it became the new home of Durin's folk. They were led by Thráin I, who became "King under the Mountain". Later Erebor was attacked by the dragon Smaug, and the dwarves had to flee again. In the story told in "The Hobbit", the dragon Smaug is killed and the dwarves again return to the Lonely Mountain. Dáin II Ironfoot becomes new King under the Mountain.
Gondor.
Gondor was a human realm in southeastern Middle-earth. It was founded by the brothers Isildur and Anárion and their people, who had survived the Fall of Númenor towards the end of the Second Age.
In the later part of the Third Age, Gondor was between the sea in the south, the Mountains of Shadow in the east, and the White Mountains in the north; in earlier times the land of Gondor reached further north. The city Osgiliath, built over the river Anduin, became the capital of Gondor. Isildur also founded the city Minas Ithil east of the Anduin, and his brother Anárion founded the city Minas Anor west of the Anduin on the mountain Mindolluin.
Gondor had several regions. Ithilien lies in the east, between the river Anduin in the west and the Mountains of Shadow in the east. Anórien was a small land north of the White Mountains, between the river Anduin in the east and Rohan in the west. Calenardhon was the land north of the White Mountains, which later became Rohan in the 26th century T.A. Enedwaith was northwest of the White Mountains, which was mostly abandoned in the later part of the Third Age. Between the coast and the White Mountains were several regions, from the west to the Anduin in the east. Near the seashore in the south were the regions Anfalas, Belfalas, Dor-en-Ernil, Lebennin, and Lossarnach. Along the Mountains in the north were the Morthond Vale, Lamedon, and the Ringló Vale. Southeast of the Anduin was the region South Gondor.
After the "War of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men" against Sauron, Isildur left to rule the northern kingdom Arnor, while the son of Anárion stayed to rule Gondor.
In the 15th century there was a great civil war, the city Osgiliath was destroyed, and Minas Anor became the new capital.
During the time of the rule of King Eärnur, the Ringwraiths captured Minas Ithil, and it was renamed Minas Morgul. Minas Anor was renamed Minas Tirith ("Tower of Guard"). Both cities were in a constant state of war, much of the action taking place around or in the former capital of Osgiliath. During the War of the Ring, Gondorian-controlled Western Osgiliath fell to Mordor, allowing Sauron to attack Minas Tirith. The Orcs attacked the city, but the coming of the Rohirrim forced them to stop, allowing the defenders to charge the enemy. The Battle of the Pelennor Fields was won by the Men of Gondor and Rohan.
The last King, Eärnur, disappeared in 2050 of the Third Age. After this Gondor was ruled by the "Stewards of Gondor" instead of a king until the end of the Third Age.
After the War of the Ring, the land became part of the Reunited Kingdom of Arnor and Gondor, ruled by King Elessar Telcontar and his descentants.
Great East Road.
The Great East Road is an ancient Dwarven road, which ran from western Beleriand, over the Ered Luin, through the Shire, to the Misty Mountains, and to the dwarven lands in the east.
Helm's Deep.
Helm's Deep was a deep valley on the north side of the western part of the White Mountains, south to the "Gap of Rohan". The valley was blocked by a natural series of hills called Helm's Dike. Behind this lay a fortress: the Hornburg. At the end of the valley lies the entrance to the Glittering Caves.
Isengard.
Isengard is a fortress at the southern end of the Misty Mountains. It is a small valley inside a ring-shaped wall, the Ring of Isengard, and in its middle is a tall black tower, Orthanc.
It belonged to Gondor, but in the 28th century it was given to Saruman. In the War of the Ring the Ents destroyed the ring-wall. After the War, the tower Orthanc was given back to King Elessar and the Reunited Kingdom.
Khazad-dûm.
Khazad-dûm was the ancient home of the Dwarves under the Misty Mountains. It was a great underground city and mines. It was the only place in Middle-earth where the precious metal "mithril" could be found, which made the dwarves very rich.
Khazad-dûm was founded by Durin the Deathless early in the First Age, long before the rise of the Sun and Moon.
In the Third Age the dwarves woke a Balrog deep in the mines of Khazad-dûm. The Balrog killed King Durin VI and many Dwarves, and the surviving Dwarves had to flee and left for other places. Khazad-dûm got a new name, Moria, which is Sindarin for "dark pit".
Lothlórien.
Lothlórien was an elven realm, between the Misty Mountains and the Anduin. It lay on the land between the rivers Anduin and Silverlode, close to the dwarven realm Khazad-dûm. Lothlórien was founded in the Second Age, and Amdír became the first King. The elves of Lothlórien fought in the War of the Last Alliance of Elves and Men against Sauron. In the war Amdír was killed, and his son Amroth became king after him, but Amroth later left Lothlórien. Since then until the end of the Third Age it was ruled by Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel. Caras Galadhon was the main city of Lothlórien. Other names of Lothlórien are the shortened form Lórien, and the names Laurelindórenan, Dwimordene (Rohirric), or The Golden Wood.
Mordor.
Mordor (Sindarin: "Black Land" and Quenya: "Land of Shadow") is a land in the southeastern part of Middle-earth, east of the Anduin. It is the land of Sauron in the Second and Third Age.
Mordor is surrounded by mountain ranges: the Ered Lithui (Sindarin: "Mountains of Ash") in the north, the Ephel Dúath (Sindarin: Mountains of Shadow) in the west and another mountain range in the south. At the foothills of the Ered Lithui in northwestern Mordor was Sauron's main fortress Barad-dûr. Southwest of Barad-dûr lay the volcano Mount Doom.
Great parts of Mordor are a wasteland. The southern part of Mordor, around the Sea of Núrnen was more fertile and used as farmland, to produce food for Sauron's armies.
North-South Road.
The North-South Road is a long road runnig from the realm of Arnor in the north to Gondor in the south. The road began in the city Fornost Erain, the capital of Arthedain, crossed the Great East Road at Bree, and ran further to the southern end of the Misty Mountains. There the road turned east, towards the cities Minas Tirith, to Osgiliath, and endend at Minas Ithil.
A part of the road south of Bree is also known as the Greenway.
Rivendell.
Rivendell (Sindarin: Imladris) was an elven city in eastern Eriador. It was founded in the Second Age by Elrond, who ruled it until the end of the Third Age.
Rohan.
Rohan or the Riddermark (or short The Mark) was a human realm in southeastern Middle-earth, north of Gondor. Rohan lay north of the White Mountains, southeast of Isengard and southwest of the Emyn Muil. Originally it was a part of Gondor, and named Calenardhon.
But because of the plague in 1636 T.A. and the later wars, Calenardhon was mostly empty and very few people lived there. In 2509 T.A. the Rohirrim came south from the north, to help Gondor fight against a combined invasion of Men from the north-east and Orcs from Mordor. The Rohirrim helped Gondor win the "Battle of the Field of Celebrant" and the war. As a reward, Steward Cirion of Gondor gave the land Calenardhon to the Rohirrim. The King of the Rohirrim, Eorl the Young, swore the "Oath of Eorl": that Rohan would come and help Gondor, if it needed help in its wars. Afterwards, the people of the Rohirrim moved into their new land, which they named the "Riddermark" or just "The Mark". Gondor called the land "Rohan" (Sindarin: "Land of the Horse-lords").
The Shire.
The Shire is a land in Eriador. It is settled by Hobbits. Its name in Westron was Sûza "Shire" or Sûzat "The Shire". Its name in Sindarin was i Drann.
The Shire was settled by the Hobbits in the 24th century of the Third Age. It is divided into four "Farthings": the North-, West-, South- and Eastfarthing. The leaders of the Shire were "the Mayor" of Michel Delving, "the Thain" from Tuckborough and "the Master of Buckland".
Númenor.
Númenor was a huge star-shaped island west of Middle-earth in the Second Age. At the beginning of the Age it was given to the human peoples who had helped the elves in the wars against Morgoth. In the middle of the island was the mountain Meneltarma, which was a holy place for the Númenoreans. Númenor was divided into six regions, one in each "star-arm" and one in the middle. The regions were Forostar ("Northlands"), Andustar ("Westlands"), Hyarnustar ("Southwestlands"), Hyarrostar ("Southeastlands"), Orrostar ("Eastlands"), and the central region Mittalmar ("Inlands").
In eastern Mittalmar was the region Arandor ("Kingsland"), with the capital city Armenelos, and the haven Rómenna.
Their first king was Elros Tar-Minyatur, brother of Elrond. Númenor became the most powerful nation of Men. But later many Númenoreans, including their kings, became power-hungry and became enemies of the elves. Towards the end of the Second Age, when it was ruled by King Ar-Pharazôn the Golden, Númenor was destroyed and sank in the sea, similar to the legendary Atlantis. Only a group of Númenoreans led by Elendil, the "Elendili" ("Elf-friends") or "the Faithful", could escape the destruction of Númenor and came to Middle-earth, where they founded the realms Arnor and Gondor. The "Akallabêth" is the story of Númenor's history and downfall.
Some of the many names of Númenor were "Westernesse", "Númenórë" (Quenya, the long form of "Númenor") and "Anadûnê" (Adûnaic), both meaning "West-land"; "Andor" (Quenya) and "Yôzâyan" (Adûnaic), which both mean "the Land of the Gift". Later it was also called "Atalantë" (Quenya) and "Akallabêth" (Adûnaic), both meaning "the Downfallen".

Vogelsbergkreis_Rural_District
The Vogelsbergkreis is a "Kreis" (district) in the middle of Hesse, Germany.
History.
The district was created in 1972 by merging the former districts Alsfeld and Lauterbach.
Geography.
The main feature of the district is the Vogelsberg, an extinct volcano, last active 7 million years ago.

741_Botolphia
741 Botolphia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun, found by Joel Hastings Metcalf on February 10, 1913 from Winchester. It is named after Saint Botolph, the semi-legendary founder of a 7th century monastery that would become the town of Boston, Lincolnshire, England.

744_Aguntina
744 Aguntina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by J. Rheden in 1913. Its temporary name was 1913 QW.

Niedergösgen
Niedergösgen is a municipality in the district Gösgen in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Pyroclastic_flow
A pyroclastic flow is a common result of volcanic eruptions. The flows are currents of hot gas, or "tefra", during an eruption that sometimes causes rock falls.

HCard
hCard, short for HTML vCard, is a format for publishing the contact information of people, companies, organizations, and places, in XHTML, Atom, RSS, or raw XML.

American_Communications_Corp
American Communications Corp is a cabling company based out of San Diego, California. ACC provides cabling, telephone systems, network hardware and internet services to business customers.

Blumenau
Blumenau is a city of the Santa Catarina state, in Brazil. The biggest city in Santa Catarina is Joinville.

Berwick-upon-Tweed
Berwick-upon-Tweed is a town in Northumberland, United Kingdom. It is the most northerly town in England, and is just 2.5 miles from Scotland. It has around 11,665 people in it.
Often Berwick was captured by Scottish armies, and made a part of Scotland, only later to be taken back by the English army. Many people who live in Berwick, or who visit Berwick because it is their local large market town are Scottish.This also used to be a very large port.It was an important comercial town that used to be marked in bold on the maps.

8-1-1
8-1-1 was a telephone number in the United States and Canada. In 2007, it was put together with 6-1-1. In Canada, it is now the number to call for health questions that are not emergencies. 8-1-1 was a direct line to the business office of the telephone company giving service on the line. Once a person has called, they could do different things, such as pay their phone bill, talk to Customer Service, or get another phone line.

757_Portlandia
757 Portlandia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Joel Metcalf in 1908. Its provisional name was 1908 EJ.

Tekken_2
"Tekken 2" is a fighting video game made by Namco. It was released in 1996.
Story.
A worldwide martial arts tournament was nearing its finale. A large purse of prize money which was to be awarded to the fighter who could defeat Heihachi Mishima in the final round provided incentive for warriors from all over the globe.
Financed and sponsored by the giant financial group, the Mishima Zaibatsu, the first Tekken tournament began with eight fighters, all of whom had emerged victorious from various matches held all over the world, all brought together by different motives, all possessing the skill and power to crumble mountains.
Many battles were fought. But only one lone warrior emerged with the right to challenge Heihachi Mishima for the "King of Iron Fist" title. This warrior was Kazuya Mishima, Heihachi's cold-blooded son. Bearing the scar given to him by Heihachi, he enters into vicious combat with his father on the same field where Heihachi last struck down his own son and dropped him into a trench at age five.
After a grueling battle which raged on for hours, Kazuya emerged victorious by utilizing the power granted to him by the supernatural entity known as Devil.
As Heihachi's broken body lay on the ground, Kazuya dropped to his knee and lifted his father into his arms. Kazuya walked slowly to the edge of the same cliff from where his father had thrown him from, as a child. He stared out over the landscape, and let go of his father's body. As Heihachi's body plummeted, Kazuya's smile gleamed in the sunlight...
Two years have passed. The Mishima Zaibatsu under Kazuya's leadership has become even more powerful with its tendrils reaching to all corners of the world. Soon after his father's apparent death, Kazuya disappears into the shadows. However, rumors of his immense power, and a dark side, slowly begin to spread throughout the world.
Two years after the end of the first Tekken, a message is relayed from the Mishima Zaibatsu fortress to news agencies all over the world announcing a second tournament with a prize a thousand times that of the first.
Like his son before him, Heihachi survived his fall into the ravine thanks to his supernatural endurance. He retreated to the hills to meditate in order to rekindle and enhance his fighting ability. He enters the King of Iron Fist Tournament 2 to reclaim his conglomerate and dispose of Kazuya once and for all. The roles of primary protagonist and antagonist from the first game (Kazuya and Heihachi respectively) were reversed for Tekken 2, with Kazuya being the selected character's ultimate opponent (with the exception of Kazuya himself). Like the first Tekken game, there is a canonical ending, which is Heihachi's ending. Heihachi flies in a helicopter with an unconscious Kazuya, towards a volcano. Heihachi tosses Kazuya in the volcano and flees as it erupts

List_of_The_Nanny_episodes
This is a list of the episodes of the CBS television sitcom "The Nanny". There are 146 episodes in this series.

Shoulder_rest
A shoulder rest is something which is used by people who play the violin or the viola. It may be made of wood, aluminium, carbon fiber or plastic. Usually, the shoulder rest attaches to the edge of the violin with "feet" padded with rubber tubing or made of soft plastic.
The purpose of a shoulder rest is to help the player to be comfortable holding the violin, which is held between the chin and the shoulder. Not all players use a shoulder rest. Many violinists prefer just to put a piece of cloth or some other form of padding on their shoulder. Whether a player uses a shoulder rest may depend on whether he or she has a long neck, and whether he is wearing clothes made with thick or thin material. It is important that the player can shift his left hand easily and freely to play in the higher positions without being afraid that he will drop the instrument, and without feeling the need to squeeze the instrument between his chin and shoulder as this will make the muscles in his neck very tight.
The shoulder rest must not be confused with the chinrest, which is the bit on which the player rests his chin.

Indigofera
"Indigofera" is a big genus of about 700 species of flowering plants. They mostly grown tropical areas of the world.

Doctor_(Doctor_Who)
The Doctor is the central character in the long-running BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
He is an alien, a "Time Lord" from the planet Gallifrey. The Doctor travels in his space-time-ship TARDIS, with which he can go anywhere in time and space. Because the TARDIS' "chameleon circuit" is broken, it looks like an old British police-box permanently. The Doctor often takes other people with him, who are usually called "companions" or "assistants". They are most often human; the most recent companion was Donna Noble.
Biography.
The Doctor did not want to stay on Gallifrey any longer, so he "borrowed" an old Type 40 TARDIS. In the TARDIS he and his granddaughter Susan Foreman left their home planet Gallifrey. They stayed for a time on Earth in the 1960s, where Susan also went to school. Her teachers, Barbara Wright and Ian Chesterton, discovered the TARDIS. They traveled for a while with the Doctor, and returned to Earth two years later. After them the Doctor often took other people with him on his travels.
Anatomy and Regeneration.
As a Gallifreyan the Doctor looks like a human on the surface, but there are differences. One well-known difference is that he has two hearts. As a Time Lord the Doctor can also "regenerate", if his body is badly hurt and he dies. During the "regeneration", the body is healed and renewed, which includes a different appearance and personality. The regenerated person is the same person, with the same memories and basic personality traits; but the person also looks different and a changed personality. Because of this the Doctor could be played by different actors. This made it possible for the series to be filmed over a time of forty years without having to actually "change" the character.
Incarnations and Actors of the Doctor.
Up until now, the Doctor has regenerated nine times, and each "incarnation" was played by a different actor.

Ancient_Athens
Ancient Athens is the name for the city of Athens in about the 5th century BC. It was one of the most powerful cities in ancient times.

Radiocarbon_dating
For this it uses the radioactive isotope carbon-14. It is also known as C-14 method because of this. The half life of C14 is about 5,730 years. This makes it possible to tell the age of things that contain carbon, to about 60,000 years old; Dates obtained that way are usually written as "before present" (Present is 1950). It is not possible to tell the age exactly,

Deutscher_Gewerkschaftsbund
Deutscher Gewerkschaftsbund is a confederation of german trade unions. It was a national trade union center of Germany.
The DGB hat 8 german trade unions with more than 7 million people (31.12.2004). It was founded in Munich in 12 October 1949.

Henri_Toulouse-Lautrec
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, (24 November 1864 – 9 September 1901) was a French painter of the Post-Impressionist period. He was born into a noble family, but lived for most of his life among the actors, dancers and prostitutes of Paris. He is famous for painting the lives of these people, the entertainment of Paris, and many portraits.
He was expert at drawing and also made many printed posters to advertise entertainments.
Youth.
Henri Marie Raymond de Toulouse-Lautrec Monfa was born in Albi in the Midi-Pyrénées Region of France. He was the oldest child of Count Alphonse and Countess Adèle de Toulouse-Lautrec. His mother and father were cousins. This is thought to have been a reason for his weakness and bad health. His younger brother was born on 28 August 1867, but died the following year.
Henri had two accidents when he was 13 and 14. He fractured (broke) the thigh bones of both his legs. They took a long time to heal, and never grew again. No-one knows exactly what caused this problem. As an adult he had a man-sized body but child-sized legs and was 1.54 m (5 ft 1 in) tall,
Paris.
As a young man Toulouse-Lautrec was not able to do many of the things that other men of his age liked doing. He had been good at drawing from the time he was a child. He spent his time drawing and painting instead of joining in sports and hunting. He travelled to Paris where he met other artists as well as writers, actors and dancers. The "night life" (entertainment) of Paris had so many colourful scenes and people to paint. His paintings are famous for showing the scenes of modern life in a way they had never been shown before.
Toulouse-Lautrec lived in Montemartre, a part of Paris that was famous for its "bohemian" people: artists, poets, philosophers and poor students. He was called "the soul of Montmartre". He often visited the nightclubs such as the Moulin Rouge. He also spent a lot of time at the brothels in that area, and lived for a time at the brothel at des Moulins where he was a good friend to many of the women there.
Toulouse-Lautrec painted scenes of the lives of these people, which were very shocking to some people in the polite society of Paris. As well as showing the dancing, singing, acting and circus performances that many people enjoyed, he also showed people in bed together, the sad faces of people who were addicts and the half-naked prostitutes lined up for STD medical examination. Many of his pictures were of women in same-sex relationships.
He painted the singer Yvette Guilbert, the dancer Jane Avril and the dancer Louise Weber, who was known as "La Goulue" ("The Greedy-Guts") and who created the leg-kicking dance called the "Can-Can", which is still danced at the "Moulin Rouge" to this day. Toulouse-Lautrec gave painting lessons to Suzanne Valadon, who was one of his models and may have also been his girlfirend.
Death.
Henri Toulouse-Lautrec was an alcoholic for most of his adult life. He was put into a psychiatric hospital shortly before his death. He died from problems cause by addiction and STD at his family's home in Malromé. He was nearly 37 years old. He is buried in Verdelais, Gironde, a few kilometres from his birthplace.
Throughout his working life of less than 20 years, Toulouse-Lautrec created 737 canvases, 275 watercolors, 363 prints and posters and 5,084 drawings. He also made some ceramics and stained glass
After Toulouse-Lautrec's death, his mother, the Countess Adèle Toulouse-Lautrec, and his art-dealer Maurice Joyant made his art famous. His mother gave money for a museum of his works to be built in Albi, his birthplace. His paintings have sold for as much as US$14.5 million.

769_Tatjana
769 Tatjana is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Grigory Neujmin in 1913. Its provisional name was 1913 TA.

Avery_County,_North_Carolina
Avery County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2000, the population was 17,167. Its county seat is Newland. It is known for growing Fraser Fir Christmas Trees. Avery County is part of the High Council of Governments.
History.
The county was made in 1911 from parts of Caldwell County, Mitchell County, and Watauga County. Avery County was the last county made in North Carolina.

Geneva_City
Geneva (,,) is the second biggest city in Switzerland. Only Zürich is bigger. Geneva is the most biggest city in Romandy (the French-speaking part of Switzerland).
It is situated where the Rhône River leaves Lake Geneva (French "Lac Léman") and is the capital of the Republic and Canton of Geneva.
There are many international organizations in Geneva, including the headquarters of many of the agencies of the United Nations and of the Red Cross. A 2007 survey found Geneva to have the second highest quality of living in the world (narrowly outranked by Zürich).
Internationally, Geneva is strongly associated with the Geneva Conventions.
History.
"Geneva" was first written about as a border town, set up to protect the Roman Empire against the fortified against the Helvetii. The Romans took the city in 120 B.C. In A.D. 443 it was taken by Burgundy, and with the latter fell to the Franks in 534. In 888 the town was part of the new Kingdom of Burgundy, and with it was taken over in 1033 by the German Emperor.
From 1154 the bishops of Geneva had the status of prince of the Holy Roman Empire since 1154, but the counts of Geneva and later the counts of Savoy were "guardians", always ready to take over from the bishops. In 1290 the counts of Savoy got the right to appoint a deputy ruler (vice-dominus) of the diocese, the title of Vidame of Geneva was granted to the family of count François de Candie of Chambery-Le-Vieux a Chatellaine of the Savoy. The vidame had some powers in the town.
In 1387 Bishop Adhémar Fabry granted the town its great charter, the basis of its communal self-government, which every bishop on his accession was expected to confirm. The last Count of Geneva died in 1394, and the House of Savoy took over their land. In 1416 the counts became dukes, and kept trying to bring the city of Geneva under their control, often by making members of their own family to Bishops of Geneva. The city protected itself by joining the Swiss Federation ("Eidgenossenschaft"), uniting itself in 1426 with Berne and Fribourg.
In the Protestant Reformation Bern favoured the new protestant teaching and demanded liberty of preaching for the Reformers Guillaume Farel and Antoine Froment, but Catholic Fribourg renounced in its union with Geneva in 1511. Later the Protestant leader John Calvin was based in Geneva from 1536 to his death in 1564.
At the Congress of Vienna (1814-15) the territory of Geneva was enlarged to cover 15 Savoyard and 6 French parishes, with more than 16,000 Catholics; at the same time it became a part of the Swiss Confederation. The treaty said that Catholic religion was to be protected, and that no changes were to be made without agreement with the Holy See. Later, Pope Pius VII made the cities of Geneva and Lausanne a new diocese of and part of Geneva diocese that was in France part of the French diocese of Annecy.
The protestant and Old Catholic churches got money from the city taxes, but the Roman Catholics did not. On 30 June, 1907, most of the Catholics of Geneva voted for the separation of Church and State.
Geography.
Geneva is located at 46°12' North, 6°09' East, at the south-western end of Lake Geneva, where the lake meets the Rhône River. It is surrounded by two mountain chains, the Alps and the Jura.
The city of Geneva has an area of, while the area of the Canton of Geneva is.
The altitude of Geneva is 373.6 m. That is the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton, two large rocks in the lake, are used as the reference point for all surveying in Switzerland.
The second main river of Geneva is the Arve River which flows into the Rhône River just west of the city centre.
Climate.
In Geneva, the winter is cold and generally a little cloudy. During the winter season, it is possible to go several days without thawing, and a day or two with severe freezes where the thermometer displays -10 °C. There are several days each month when, if anticyclonic conditions are stable, the clouds may stay for several days. From March, with temperatures rising it feels like summer in late May. However, the rain intensifies and often has a stormy character during the month of May. These may be short but strong storms depositing several centimetres of rain within just a few minutes. Summers are often hot and rather humid, although some may be more changeable, the mornings remain relatively fresh. During the summer season, the rains are less frequent but more intense. This is the season where you most likely get thunderstorms with hail. If the weather in early September is still hot, it cools down quickly to become really cold in November. The morning frosts are then reappearing. Autumn is also the season of mists, and the month of October is often the month with the most fog in the year. The fog can be very intense, restricting vision to less than 100 m in the areas outside the city.
Media.
The city's main newspaper is the Tribune de Genève, a daily newspaper founded on 1 February 1879 by James T. Bates, with a readership of about 187,000.
Le Courrier, founded in 1868, was originally supported by the Roman Catholic Church, but has been completely independent since 1996. Mainly focused on Geneva, Le Courrier is trying to expand into other cantons in Romandy. Both Le Temps (headquartered in Geneva) and Le Matin are widely read in Geneva, but both actually cover the whole of Romandy.
Geneva is covered by the various French language radio networks of the Swiss Broadcasting Corporation, in particular the Radio Suisse Romande. While these networks cover the whole of Romandy, special programs related to Geneva are sometimes broadcast on some of the local frequencies in the case of special events such as elections. Other local station broadcast from the city, including RadioLac (FM 91.8 MHz), Radio Cité (Non-commercial radio, FM 92.2 MHz), OneFM (FM 107.0 MHz, also broadcast in Vaud), and World Radio Geneva (FM 88.4 MHz), Switzerland's only English-language radio station.
The main television channel covering Geneva is the Télévision Suisse Romande; while its headquarters are located in Geneva, the programmes cover the whole of French-speaking Switzerland. Léman Bleu is a local TV channel, founded in 1996 and distributed by cable. Because Geneva is nearly surrounded by France, many French television and radio channels can be picked up in Geneva.
Entertainment.
Most theatre in Geneva is in French, however there are several companies that stage regular English productions.
Movie going is a favorite activity in Geneva and there are plenty of theaters throughout the city. Most movies are dubbed into French. Because of the number of English speakers in the city movies may also be subtitled.
In has over 1,000 restaurants, so it is the undisputed capital of cuisine in Switzerland. However eating out can be expensive, and many people drive the few kilometres over the border into France where prices are lower.
Traditions and customs.
Since 1818, a particular chestnut tree is used as the official "herald of the spring" in Geneva. The "sautier" (secretary of the Parliament of the Canton of Geneva) observes the tree and notes the day of arrival of the first bud. While this event has no practical impact, the sautier issues a formal press release and the local newspaper will usually mention the news. In 2007, the first bud appeared on 2 March.
Geneva celebrates Jeune genevois on the first Thursday following a Sunday in September. By local tradition, this commemorates when the news of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre of Huguenots reached Geneva. The Genevois (people of Geneva) joke that the federal equivalent holiday, "Jeune fédéral", is celebrated two weeks later on account of the rest of the country being a bit slow on the uptake.
Sports.
The main sport team in Geneva is Servette FC, a football club founded in 1890 and named after a borough on the right bank of the Rhône River. Servette was the only club to have remained in the top league in Switzerland since its creation in the 1930s; however, in 2005, management problems caused the bankruptcy of the club's parent company, causing the club to be demoted two divisions lower. It is now playing in second division. Geneva is also home of the Genève-Servette Hockey Club, who play in the Swiss Nationalliga A.
Local government.
The city of Geneva is divided into 8 "quartiers" or districts, often made up of several conglomerated neighborhoods. On the Left Bank (Rive Gauche) these include Jonction, Centre / Plainpalais / Acacias, Eaux-Vives and Champel while the Right Bank includes Saint-Jean / Charmilles, Servette / Petit-Saconnex, Grottes / Saint-Gervaise and Paquis / Nations.
Demographics.
As of 2005, the population of the Commune (city) of Geneva was 185,028, while 441,000 people lived in the Canton of Geneva; around 960,000 people live in the Geneva urban community, which extends into Vaud Canton and neighbouring France.
The population of the Canton is split between 148,500 people originally from Geneva (33.7%), 122,400 Swiss from other cantons (27.6%) and 170,500 foreigners (38.7%), from 180 different countries. Including people holding multiple citizenship, 54.4% of people living in Geneva hold a foreign passport.
While Geneva is usually considered a Protestant city, there are now more Roman Catholics (39.5%) than Protestants (17.4%) living in the Canton. 22% of the inhabitants claim not to be religious, the rest being shared between Islam (4.4%), Judaism (1.1%), other religions and people who did not respond.
Economy.
Geneva's economy is mainly services oriented. The city has an important and old finance sector, which is specialized in private banking (managing assets of about 1 trillion USD) and financing of international trade. It is also an important centre of commodity trade.
Geneva hosts the international headquarters of companies like JT International (JTI), Mediterranean Shipping Company, Serono, SITA, Société Générale de Surveillance and STMicroelectronics. Many other multinational companies like Caterpillar, DuPont, Electronic Arts, Hewlett-Packard, INVISTA, Procter & Gamble and Sun Microsystems have their European headquarters in the city too.
There is a long tradition of watchmaking (Baume et Mercier, Chopard, Franck Muller, Patek Philippe, Rolex, Raymond Weil, Omega, etc.). Two major international producers of flavours and fragrances, Firmenich and Givaudan, have their headquarters and main production facilities in Geneva.
Many people also work in the numerous offices of international organizations located in Geneva (about 24,000 in 2001).
Geneva Motor Show is one of the most important international auto-shows. The show is held at Palexpo, a giant convention centre located next to the International Airport. The show is so important that the "Jet d'Eau" is switched on for longer tha usual because of all the visitors in the city during the show.
Transport.
The city is served by the Geneva Cointrin International Airport. It is connected to both the Swiss railway network SBB-CFF-FFS, and the French SNCF network, including direct connections to Paris, Marseille and Montpellier by TGV. Geneva is also connected to the motorway systems of both Switzerland (A1 motorway) and France.
Public transport by bus, trolleybus or tram is provided by "Transports Publics Genevois" (TPG). In addition to an extensive coverage of the city centre, the network covers most of the municipalities of the Canton, with a few lines extending into France. Public transport by boat is provided by the Mouettes Genevoises, which link the two banks of the lake within the city, and by the "Compagnie Générale de Navigation sur le lac Léman" (CGN) which serves more distant destinations such as Nyon, Yvoire, Thonon, Evian, Lausanne and Montreux using both modern diesel vessels and vintage paddle steamers.
Trains operated by SBB connect the airport to the main station of Cornavin in six minutes, and carry on to towns such as Nyon, Lausanne, Fribourg, Montreux, Neuchâtel, Berne, Sion, Sierre, etc. Regional train services are being increasingly developed, towards Coppet and Bellegarde. At the city limits, two new stations have been created since 2002: Genève-Sécheron (close to the UN and the Botanical Gardens) and Lancy-Pont-Rouge.
In 2005, work started on the CEVA (Cornavin - Eaux-Vives - Annemasse) project, first planned in 1884, which will connect Cornavin with the Cantonal hospital, the Eaux-Vives station and Annemasse, in France. The link between the main station and the classification yard of La Praille already exists; from there, the line will go mostly underground to the Hospital and the Eaux-Vives, where it will link up to the existing line to France. Support for this project was obtained from all parties in the local parliament.
Taxis in Geneva can be difficult to find, and may need to be booked in advance especially in the early morning or at peak hours. In addition, which may be surprising in a modern country like Switzerland, taxis often refuse to take babies and children.
Education.
Geneva is home to the University of Geneva, founded by John Calvin in 1559. Also, the oldest international school in the world is located in Geneva, the International School of Geneva, founded in 1924 along with the League of Nations. Webster University, an accredited American university also has a campus in Geneva.
The city is also home to one of the most prestigious graduate schools of international relations, the Graduate Institute of International Studies. Other international schools include the International School of Geneva and Institut International de Lancy (founded in 1903).
The Geneva School of Diplomacy and International Relations is a private university located on the grounds of the Château de Penthes, an old manor with a park and view of Lac Leman.
The Canton of Geneva's public school system has "écoles primaires" (4-12), "cycles d'orientation" (12-15), and the post-obligatory "collèges" (15-19), the oldest of which is the Collège Calvin. It is housed in the ancient buildings of the University of Geneva, and could be considered one of the oldest public schools in the world.
Geneva also has a wide choice of reputed private schools.
Communities.
As the Geneva authorities say, the history of the city is closely related to that of the foreign communities. Ever since the migration of foreigners to Geneva, these communities have found refuge, bringing their know-how, their customs and hope of a new life. They have widely participated in the international influence of Geneva, to its economic prosperity, and also to the spreading of views and of science.
LGBT community.
Many other communities or minorities are also very well represented in Geneva, including sexual minorities, with no less than three organizations:, a gay organization;, a lesbian organization; and, an LGBT organization. The Gay International Group (Geneva, Switzerland) is a good resource for gay foreigners, tourists or expatriates. Also, a new LGBT group has debuted within the University of Geneva itself, called "Think Out". This group addresses students and professors linked directly or indirectly with the matter of sexual diversity.
Religious communities.
There are a lot of different communities in Geneva. Even if Geneva is supposed to be the Protestant Rome, many religions are represented in Geneva. The Plymouth Brethren have a thriving assembly there, established since the days of John Nelson Darby. Besides the Protestants, the Catholic religion becomes more influential thanks to immigration from Latin countries. The Jewish community is one of the oldest of Switzerland, and the more recent Muslim community is emerging in this tolerant city.

Union
In education.
In the United States, the phrase more commonly refers to the building. The phrase "student government" or "student senate" is usually used when referring to the subject of the "Students' union" article.

List_of_mountains_in_Taiwan
Taiwan is a mountainous island, and mountain climbing is a favorite activity of the and many Taiwanese people. A list of One Hundred Mountains Ranking (Chinese:百岳排行) was created in 1971, which listed the best mountains for climbing on the island. Climbing all one hundred mountains is the greatest challenge for Taiwanese climbers.

Eliot_Spitzer
Eliot Laurence Spitzer (born June 10, 1959) is an American lawyer and politician of the Democratic Party. He served as New York State Attorney General before becoming Governor of New York in 2007.
He is no longer Governor, having resigned on March 18 due to a prostitution incident. David Paterson is now Governor. He was lieutenant Governor for Spitzer.

Franz_Joseph_I_of_Austria
Franz Joseph I (in Hungarian I. Ferenc József, in English Francis Joseph I) (August 18, 1830 – November 21, 1916) of the Habsburg Dynasty was Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary, King of Bohemia from 1848 until 1916. His 68-year reign is the second-longest in the recorded history of Europe (after that of Johannes II, Prince of Liechtenstein).

Bertie_County,_North_Carolina
Bertie County (said like BURT-TEE) is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2000, the population was 19,773. Its county seat is Windsor.
Government.
Bertie County is part of the Mid-East Commission local council of governments.

Onyx_River
The Onyx River is a meltwater stream that flows to the west through the Wright Valley between the Wright Lower Glacier to Lake Vanda. The Onyx River is one of the sites studied by the US Antarctic Program of the National Science Foundation. It is the longest river in Antarctica. It is 30 kilometers long.

Hipparchus
Hipparchus (Greek; ca. 190 BC – ca. 120 BC) was a Greek astronomer, geographer, and mathematician. He lived in the Hellenistic period.
Hipparchus was born in Nicaea (now Iznik, Turkey), and probably died on the island of Rhodes. He worked as an astronomer at least from 147 BC to 127 BC. Hipparchus is considered the greatest ancient astronomical observer. Some people see him as the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity. He was the first Greek whose quantitative and accurate models for the motion of the Sun and Moon survive. To get to these models, he certainly made use of the observations and perhaps the mathematical techniques accumulated over centuries by the Chaldeans from Babylonia. He had a trigonometric table. It looks like he solved some problems of spherical trigonometry with the table. With his solar and lunar theories and his trigonometry, he was perhaps the first to develop a reliable method to predict solar eclipses. His other well-known achievements include the discovery of precession, the compilation of the first comprehensive star catalog of the western world, and possibly the invention of the astrolabe. He might also have invented the armillary sphere which first appeared during his century and was used by him during the creation of much of the star catalogue. It would be three centuries before Claudius Ptolemaeus' synthesis of astronomy would make the work of Hipparchus obsolete; it is heavily dependent on it in many areas.

Industrial_engineering
Industrial and systems engineering is one of the fastest growing areas of engineering. It looks at the "big picture" of what makes organizations work best—the right combination of human and natural resources, technology and equipment, and information and finance. Industrial and systems engineering is vital to solving today's critical and complex problems in manufacturing, distribution of goods and services, health care, utilities, transportation, entertainment, and the environment. Industrial and systems engineers design and refine processes and systems to improve quality, safety and productivity.

Combustion_engine
Combustion is a word that means burning. An engine is a machine that can push or pull (usually push). A combustion engine is a machine that makes small explosions inside a sealed box (cylinder). The explosions push a rod which is attached to a wheel. The pushing makes the wheel spin around. The spinning wheel is attached to other wheels, such as four car wheels, with a belt or a chain. The engine is very strong and can make all the wheels move. Engines need oil to make them slippery or the moving parts would grind together and stick. Parts of a car engine are measured to 0.01 of a millimeter and some engine parts fit together very, very tightly.
Rockets that go into space are combustion engines but they do not have wheels inside. The fire in a rocket combustion engine is so strong that it blows the rocket the same as blowing a piece of paper.

Sea_snake
Sea snakes, or "seasnakes", are poisonous elapid snakes that live in marine environments for most or all of their lives. They evolved from their ancestors who lived on land. Some sea snakes still have some of the behaviour and traits of their ancestors left (like Laticauda who can also move a litlle on land). Most sea snakes are well adapted to living in the water all the time. They are unable to even move on land. They are found in warm coastal waters from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific. All have paddle-like tails and many have laterally compressed bodies - they look somewhat like eels. However, unlike fish, they do not have gills and must come to the surface regularly to breathe. Nevertheless, they are among the most completely aquatic of all air-breathing vertebrates. Among this group are species with some of the most potent poisons of all snakes. Some have gentle dispositions and bite only when provoked, while others are much more aggressive. Currently, 17 genera are described as sea snakes, with 62 species.

Caswell_County,_North_Carolina
Caswell County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. In 2000, the population was 23,501. Its county seat is Yanceyville.
History.
Caswell County was made in 1777 from the northern part of Orange County. In 1792 the eastern half of Caswell County was made into Person County.
Government.
Caswell County is part of the local Piedmont Triad Council of Governments.

Optical_disc_drive
An optical drive is usually a CD drive or DVD drive. Optical means it uses lenses. The drive uses a light called a laser. A laser is the most exact and powerful sort of light but the laser in the drive is very, very small. The CD or DVD disk is similar to a mirror and the laser light reflects off it. The disk has very small (microscopic) codes written on it. The drive has a very small camera lens beside the laser which can read the codes. Another part of the drive is plugged in to the computer by a wire (inside) and the code goes through the wire as a signal to the computer.

North-West_Frontier_Province
The North-West Frontier Province (or NWFP for short) sometimes called Afghania is a province in Pakistan. The capital is Peshawar and it has a population of 14 million people and an area of 28,773 sq mi or (74,521 km²); in terms of area the provincial region of AFGHANIA is greater in area than Sierra Leone but smaller than Panama. The province was created in 1901 during British rule when it was separated from a united Punjab province of British India Empire.

Chitral_District
Chitral District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. The city of Chitral is the capital.
Administration.
The district of Chitral is divided into six tehsils

Mansehra_District
Mansehra District is a district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. The city of Mansehra is the capital.

Bannu
Bannu is a city in Pakistan. It is located in the North-West Frontier Province and is the capital of Bannu District.

Mansehra
Mansehra is a city in Pakistan. It is located in the North-West Frontier Province and is the capital of Mansehra District.

Bahawalnagar_District
Bahawalnagar District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Bahawalnagar is the capital.
Administration.
The District of Bahawalnagar is spread over an area of 8,878 square kilometres comprising five tehsils and 118 Union Councils of Pakistan

Jhelum_District
Jhelum District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Jhelum is the capital.
Administration.
The district of Jhelum, which covers an area of 3,587 km2, is administratively divided into four tehsils: Jhelum Tehsil, Sohawa Tehsil, Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil and Dina Tehsil, - which are divided into 53 Union Councils of Pakistan. It also contains the cities of Jhelum,

Muzaffargarh_District
Muzaffargarh District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Muzaffargarh is the capital.

Sargodha_District
Sargodha District is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Sargodha is the capital.

Dera_Ghazi_Khan
Dera Ghazi Khan is a city in Pakistan. It is located in the Punjab province and is the capital of Dera Ghazi Khan District.

Carlo_Gesualdo
Carlo Gesualdo, known as Gesualdo da Venosa (born probably 8 March 1566; died 8 September 1613), Prince of Venosa and Count of Conza, was an Italian music composer, lutenist and murderer. He lived in the late part of the Renaissance period. He is famous for his beautifully expressive madrigals which are written in a very chromatic style (using lots of sharps and flats). He is also remembered for committing a horrible murder.
Life.
Gesualdo came from an aristocratic family. He was probably born at Venosa, but we know hardly anything about his early life. We know that he was extremely interested in music when he was small and showed very little interest in anything else. He played the lute, harpsichord and guitar.
The murders.
In 1586 Gesualdo married his first cousin, Donna Maria d'Avalos, the daughter of the Marquis of Pescara. Two years later she began to have a love affair with Fabrizio Carafa, the Duke of Andria. For two years her husband knew nothing about her love affair. Then one day he returned unexpectedly to his palace (he may have suspected that something was happening) and found them making love. He murdered them both in their bed. He then left their bodies in front of the palace for everyone to see. In those days in Italy a nobleman could not be arrested and punished. However, someone might have wanted to kill him in revenge, so he ran away to the town of Gesualdo where he had a castle.
A lot of people heard about the murders. Famous poets such as Tasso wrote poems about it. Nothing was done to arrest Gesualdo, however. Some people at the time said that he also murdered one of Maria’s babies because he thought he might not have been the father. Other people even said that he murdered his father-in-law when he came wanting to kill him in revenge, but we do not know whether this was true.
Ferrara years.
In 1594 Gesualdo went to the town of Ferrara which was famous for music which was being composed by modern composers experimenting with new ideas. He spent two years there and composed his first book of madrigals. There he married another woman who was a niece of Duke Alfonso II d’Este. The couple moved back to Gesualdo in 1597.
Return to Gesualdo, and final years.
After returning to his castle at Gesualdo from Ferrara in 1595, he tried to make the town famous for music. He invited some of Italy’s most famous musicians to come and work for him. Since he was very rich he could afford to do this. However, the music making only took place in his castle. Gesualdo spent the last years of his life doing nothing except music. He hardly ever left his castle.
Gesualdo’s new marriage was not a happy one. His wife said he was cruel and she tried to divorce him. She spent a lot of time away from the castle and wrote him angry letters.
Late in life he suffered from depression and madness. We do not know whether this was because he felt bad about being a murderer, but he probably did feel guilty. He often made his servants hit him. He also wrote very strange letters to a cardinal asking him to send him some of his dead uncle’s skeleton because he thought these remains would make him better.
Gesualdo died alone at his castle. The chapel where he was buried was destroyed by an earthquake in 1688. There is still a burial plaque in the rebuilt church.
His music.
We think it is likely that Gesualdo felt terribly guilt all his life about the murders he had committed, and these guilty feelings can be heard in his music. The words of his madrigals are often very emotional: they are about "love", "pain", "death", "ecstasy", "agony". Of course, other madrigal composers used such words, but Gesualdo’s music is really extreme. It is often wildly chromatic. Other composers did not copy his style.
He wrote both sacred (religious) and secular (non-religious) songs, and some music for instruments. His most famous compositions are his six published books of madrigals (between 1594 and 1611), as well as his "Tenebrae Responsories", which are very much like madrigals, except that they use texts from the Passion story about Christ’s death on the cross.

States_of_Sudan
Below is a list of the 25 states of Sudan. As Sudan was under British rule, they are organized by their original provinces under British rule. Arabic language versions are in parentheses. States that were not provinces before 1994 are marked with (*). Transliterations from Arabic to English may vary; in particular, the article "al" is sometimes transliterated as "el". Numbers correspond to those of the map at right.
History.
Anglo-Egyptian Sudan had eight "mudiriyat", or provinces, which were ambiguous when created but became well defined by the beginning of the Second World War. The eight provinces were: Blue Nile, Darfur, Equatoria, Kassala, Khartoum, Kurdufan, Northern, and Upper Nile. In 1948 Bahr al Ghazal split from Equatoria.
There were numerous new provinces created on 1 July 1973. North and South Darfur were created from Darfur, while Kurdufan divided into North and South Kurdufan. Al Jazirah and White Nile were split off from Blue Nile. River Nile split off from Northern. Red Sea was split off from Kassala.
A further fracturing of provinces occurred in 1976. Lakes split from Bahr al Ghazal, and Jonglei split off from Upper Nile. Equatoria divided into East and West Equatoria. There were thus eighteen provinces. In 1991, the government reorganized the administrative regions into nine federal states, matching the nine provinces that had existed from 1948 to 1973. On 14 February 1994, the government reorganized yet again, creating twenty-six "wilayat" (states). The majority of the wilayat were either the old provinces or administrative subregions of a province. As part of the new government structure in South Sudan in 2005, Bahr al Jabal was renamed Central Equatoria. In 2006, West Kurdufan was split and merged with North Kurdufan and South Kurdufan.

Lanthanide
The lanthanoid (according to IUPAC terminology) (previously lanthanide) series is made of the 15 elements with atomic numbers 57 through 71, from lanthanum to lutetium. All lanthanoids are f-block elements, corresponding to the filling of the 4f electron shell, except for lutetium which is a d-block lanthanoid. The lanthanoid series (Ln) is named after lanthanum.

Dhamtour
Dhamtour is a Union Council located in Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan
Location.
Dhamtour is located at 34°7'60N 73°16'0E at a height of 1110 metres (3645 feet). It is situated to the west of Abbottabad city, and borders Sheikh-ul-Bandi to the north and Nagri Bala to the south.
History.
Dhamtour is an ancient city and there used to be markets here before British rule Dhamtore used to be a main market and business centre for the surrounding areas.
Tribes.
Most of the people in this area are from the Jadoon tribe, other tribes include Syeds, and Awans.
Subdivisions.
The Union Council of Dhamtour is divided into the following areas: Banda Bazdar, Bandi Shoalian, Dhamtour, Guldhok, Jaswal, Nagaki, and Ukhreela.

783_Nora
783 Nora is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Johann Palisa in 1914. Its provisional name was 1914 UL.

Nazareth
Nazareth () (, Hebrew Natz'rat or Natzeret, an-Nāṣira or an-Naseriyye) is the capital city of the north district of Israel. Most of the people in this city are Arabs (who are both Muslim and Christian) - as well as some Jewish people. The city is very old and is also famous for being the city where it is believed Jesus grew up.

East_Bengal
East Bengal is the eastern part of Bengal. East and West Bengal were once part of British India, after the British left the east and west parts of Bengal were split between Pakistan and India, an area of 55,126 sq mi or (142,776 km²). East Bengal also used to be called East Pakistan until it became independent from Pakistan. Today it is called Bangladesh.

786_Bredichina
786 Bredichina is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Franz Kaiser in 1914. Its provisional name was 1914 UO.

Virtual_private_network
A virtual private network or VPN for short, is a way of connecting two computers through a network. Most people using computers connect to the World Wide Web using a normal network - they use dial-up or broadband. VPN is a little bit different, it is used by some workers to connect using a laptop to do work - they can check their work email and see work websites which can't be seen on the normal internet.

Rose_Bowl_(game)
The Rose Bowl Game is a American college football bowl game at the Rose Bowl (stadium).

Lorenzo_Milani
Fr Lorenzo Milani Comparetti (May 27, 1923 – June 26, 1967) was a priest of the Catholic Church in Italy. He is best known as an educator of poor children, and being for conscientious objection.
More information: New publication November 2008(in Maltese)"Lorenzo Milani, L-Edukazzjoni U L-Gustizzja Socjali" by Dr Carmel Borg & Mario Cardona. ISBN:978-99909-2-114-4.
Dedicated '..to those children who left school without basic skills - and to those teachers who believe that through their work they can make a difference in the lives of children'.
For his radical ideas, Milani was sent by his bishop into a sort of 'exile' in Barbiani. He started a full time school there for for children who had been failed or abandoned by the traditional education system. Eventually, hundreds of pupils of all ages were attracted to his teaching/methods. Artists, farmers, scientists, artisans and professionals were invited to give hands-on explanations of their acctivities. Students were also made to read and evaluate critically national & international news. The aim was to make students competent enough to be able to analyse events with a critical spirit in order to face life without fear and to solve problems with determination and consciousness.
"(taken from a review by Helena Dalli - Malta Labour Party Member of Parliament 15/11/08)"

Even_Stevens
Even Stevens is a Disney Channel television series about an American family. It is mostly about the fights between a girl named Ren and her brother, Louis. Ren likes doing everything right. Louis likes having fun, even if it means breaking rules and getting in trouble.
Season 3.
45. Where in the World is Pookie Stevens?
50. Raiders of the Lost Sasuage
51. Close Encounters of the Beans Kind

790_Pretoria
790 Pretoria is a minor planet orbiting the Sun in the asteroid belt. It was found by Harry Wood in 1912. Its provisional name was 1912 NW.

Kaunas
Kaunas, also known by several other names, is the second largest city in Lithuania and was a former temporary capital. Kaunas is located at the point where the two largest Lithuanian rivers, the Nemunas and the Neris, meet. It is also near the Kaunas Lagoon, the largest body of water in Lithuania.

Trolleybus
A trolleybus (also known as trolley bus, trolley coach, trackless trolley, trackless tram or simply trolley) is a bus, which get its power for the electric engine from a pair of powerlines, which is above the street. Trolleybuses get the power though 2 poles called "trolley poles".
A trolleybus does not have a normal engine which uses oil. So trolleybuses are much clearner and quiter than "normal" buses.
Trolleybues do not use tracks, so they are more flexible than trams.

Groundskeeper_Willie
Groundskeeper Willie is a fictional character in the long-running cartoon show "The Simpsons".
Role in The Simpsons.
Willie works at Springfield Elementary as the head janitor or groundskeeper. He is portrayed as an angry Scotsman. He shows some hate towards Principal Skinner and Bart Simpson. He lives in a shack in the grounds of Springfield Elementary.

Gospel_of_Luke
The Gospel of Luke is a book of the Bible. Like the other gospels, the "Gospel of Luke" tells the stories of the life and teachings of Jesus. It is the third book of the New Testament and comes after the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Mark. The gospel is believed to be written by Luke, who was a friend of the Apostle Paul.
Luke was a doctor. He wrote his gospel for a man called Theophilus. Luke wrote another book which is fifth in the New Testament, the Acts of the Apostles which tells what Jesus's disciples did after his ascension.
Unlike the gospel writers Matthew, Mark and John, Luke was probably not Jewish but was Greek. He wrote the gospel mainly for non-Jewish people, (who were called Gentile by the Jews). Luke wrote to prove that Jesus is the Son of God. Luke's gospel contains many similar stories of Jesus. He tells more about the birth of Jesus than the other gospel writers.

Cleo_Lemon
Cleotha Lemon, Jr. (born August 16, 1979 in Greenwood, Mississippi) is an American football quarterback. He currently plays for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He started playing in the NFL for the Baltimore Ravens in 2002. Lemon played for the San Diego Chargers from 2003 to 2005. He then played for the Miami Dolphins until the 2007 season. He played college football at Arkansas State.

Boston,_Lincolnshire
Boston is a town and small port in Lincolnshire, on the east coast of England.

Flash_(tattoo)
A flash (also known as a "tattoo flash") is a design or picture that is used in order to create a tattoo. They often come in sets like a poster (called flash sheets), and can be seen in most tattoo shops.
Tattoo flashes are often drawn for general use, rather than being a custom made piece like some personal tattoos. However, some flashes have space for personalisation, for example space for the person to include a name in their tattoo.
Tattoo flashes come in a variety of different designs, and are divided into categories such as celtic, heart, arm band tattoos e.t.c. A person wanting a tattoo made from a flash chooses which design they like best. Then the tattooist uses a stencil to draw the basic design onto the skin of the person being tattooed, and afterwards starts to make the tattoo.

Ecliptic
The ecliptic is the apparent path that the Sun traces out in the sky during the year. As it appears to move in the sky in relation to the stars, the apparent path aligns with the planets throughout the course of the year. More accurately, it is the intersection of a spherical surface, the celestial sphere, with the ecliptic plane, which is the geometric plane containing the mean orbit of the Earth around the Sun. The ecliptic plane should be distinguished from the invariable ecliptic plane, which is perpendicular to the vector sum of the angular momenta of all planetary orbital planes, to which Jupiter is the main contributor. The present ecliptic plane is inclined to the invariable ecliptic plane by about 1.5°.
The name ecliptic is derived from being the place where eclipses occur.

Radio_Luxembourg_(band)
Radio Luxembourg are an indie/pop band from Aberystwyth, Wales. They started in 2005. Its members are Meilyr Jones, Dylan Hughes, Gwion Llewelyn and Alun Gaffey.

Thnks_fr_th_Mmrs
"Thnks fr th Mmrs" is a 2007 song by Fall Out Boy. It was released on March 27, 2007 in the United States. The title is short for "Thanks for the Memories". It was used by Network Ten in Australia to promote the 2007 AFL Finals Series.

French_polish
French polishing is a way of giving a high standard of finish to wood.
The careful and skilled multiple-layering of shellac polish on properly prepared wood when completed results in a lusterous, perfectly flat shine of an exceedingly high standard. Indeed when applied correctly a french polished application can rarely be matched for sheer quality of finish.
Normally practiced by highly skilled craftsmen and women one might normally fine excellent examples of this superb finish in some of our stately homes although plenty of other examples exist. The advent of lacquered wood finishes has tended to make french polishing less needed in today's world.

Valverde_Province
Valverde is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is located in the northwestern part of the country. Its capital city is Mao.
It was created on 1959. It was a municipality of the Santiago province before being elevated to the category of province.
Location.
The Valverde province is in the northwest part of the Cibao Valley. It is bordered to the north and the west by the Puerto Plata province, to the east and south by the Santiago province, to the southwest by the Santiago Rodríguez province and to the west by Monte Cristi.
Origin of name.
The province was named Valverde after José Desiderio Valverde, an officer of the Dominican army when the Dominican-Haitian War. Later, he was President of the Dominican Republic for one year (July 1857 - August 1858). He was from Santiago de los Caballeros.
History.
Very few people lived in the lands of the Valverde province because it is very dry; there were only some people raising cattle in large ranches. The Spanish word for those ranches was "Hato" and there are many places in the province with the word "Hato" in their names (Hato del Yaque, Hato Nuevo, Hato Viejo, Hato del Medio) or "Hatico" (small "Hato").
The road from the border with Haiti to Santiago de los Caballeros, the second most important city of the country, went across this region and during the Dominican-Haitian War (1844-1856), Haitian armies came across this region and people did not want to live here.
Since the Dominican Independence, the territory was part of the Santiago province. It was made a province in 1959 with lands of the Santiago and the Monte Cristi provinces.
In 1918, a Belgian engineer, Luis L. Bogaert ("Monsieur Bogaert"), built a canal to take water from the river to the fields and he began to grow rice. That was an important change in the province and now Valverde is a province where rice is an important product.
Municipalities.
The Valverde province has a total area of 823.38 km². It is a small province with only 1.7% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 28th (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.
There are three municipalities and ten municipal districts in the province.
Population.
In 2002 (last national census), there were 158,293 people living in the Valverde province, and 114,153 (72.1%) living in towns and cities. The population density was 192.2 persons/km².
Geography.
Most of the province is in a valley along the Yaque del Norte and Mao rivers.
The province is separated from the Puerto Plata province by the "Cordillera Septentrional" mountain range. The highest mountain of the province is in this range: "Loma Jicomé", also called "El Murazo"; it is 1,083 m high.
South of the city of Mao are the "Sierra Samba" (a chain of low hills) and part of the "Cordillera Central" mountain range. The highest mountains of the island are in the Cordillera Central but in the Valverde province there are only low mountains.
There are several important rivers that flow through the territory of the province. The most important river is the Yaque del Norte, that flows from east to west; the other rivers are all tributaries of Yaque del Norte. Other important rivers are Mao and Ámina that come from the Cordillera Central; those rivers that flow from the Cordillera Septentrional are very short and do not have much water.
Economy.
The main economic activity of the province is farming and the main products are banana, plantain, rice and vegetables. Cattle is alto important in the province, mainly in the southern part of it.
Sugar cane was grown around the city Esperanza where there was a sugar factory. But the factory closed and sugar cane is not grown any more. Now there are some cloth factories in Esperanza.

The_Knights_of_the_Round_Table
The Knights of the Round Table were characters in the legends about King Arthur. They were the best knights in King Arthur's kingdom, and lived in King Arthur's castle, Camelot. They were called the Knights of the "Round Table" because of a special table in Camelot, that was round instead of rectangular. This meant that everyone who sat around it was seen as equal.
"(see Round table.)"
Code of Chivalry.
In order to become a Knight of the Round Table, a knight had to prove he was chivalrous (polite) enough. In the legend, the knights swore a Code of Chivalry, which is much like an oath is today. This meant that they promised to uphold the rules given to them once they became a Knight of the Round Table.
Other Knights.
This is a list of other knights mentioned as being Knights of the Round Table.

BRIT_Awards
The BRIT Awards (often called just the Brits), are awards given yearly by the British Phonographic Industry (an association of British people who are professionally involved in the recorded music industry) for outstanding work in music.
Most successful acts.
There have been many musicians that have won more than one award. The table below shows those that have won more than four awards.

Proselytism
Proselytism is the practice of attempting to convert people to another opinion and, particularly, another religion.
The word "proselytism" comes from the Greek language prefix 'pros' (towards) and the verb 'erchomai' (I come). Historically in the New Testament, the word proselyte meant a person who had converted to the Jewish religion. Though the word proselytism was originally used in Christianity, it is also used to refer to other religions' attempts to convert people to their beliefs or even any attempt to convert people to another point of view, religious or not. Today, the connotations of the word proselytism are often negative.

Easter_eggplant
Easter White Eggplant is a plant of Nightshade family, related with aubergine (="S.melongena"); Stem and leafstalks are green, or very faintly tinged with purple, and bear a few white spines. Leaves are wavy at the edges. Flowers are lilac, it is recognized by its oblong fruit, also grown as an ornamental plant, for covering walls or trellises

Pskov
Pskov (, ancient Russian spelling Пльсковъ ("Pleskov")) is an old city that can be found in the north-west of Russia about 20 km east from the Estonian border, on the Velikaya River.

Clouded_Salamander
The Clouded Salamander ("Hynobius nebulosus") is a type of salamander in the Hynobiidae family of animals. It can only be found in Japan. The places they like to live are warm forests, rivers, swamps, freshwater springs, and land that is being watered.

Marc_Dutroux
Marc Dutroux (born November 6,1956) is a Belgian criminal. He has been convicted because he kidnapped and tortured six girls, between eight and 19 years old. He murdered four of them, two eight year old girls starved while he was in prison. He has been arrested in 1996. He has been in prison since then. The court convicted him to serve life in prison for the three murders (girl of 17 and 18 years old, and of his accomplice in his fifties). His wife was convicted of serving 30 years, for starving the 8 year olds.
The media showed him mostly as a pedophile. The final report compiled by 5 doctors said he was no pedophile, rather he was a psychopath, who had lost feelings when he was confronted with violence.

Tatars
Tatars are a Turkic-speaking ethnic group. Most Tatars live in Russia (forming the majority in Tatarstan), as well as in such countries as Ukraine, Poland, Lithuania, Belarus, Bulgaria, China, Kazakhstan, Romania, Turkey, and Uzbekistan.

List_of_palaces_in_Bangkok
Former private residences of the Thai royal family

Coventry_City_F.C.
Coventry City F.C. is an English association football club. They play in Coventry in the West Midlands. They first played football in 1883 and have the nickname "Sky Blues" named after the colour of the shirts they wear. They play their home matches at the Ricoh Arena stadium.
Coventry City won the FA Cup in 1987 against a team from London, Tottenham Hotspur F.C..

History_of_the_United_Kingdom
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is the sovereign state. England, Scotland, Wales (together Great Britain) and Northern Ireland are parts of this state.
It began to take its present shape with the Acts of Union in 1707, which united the crowns and Parliaments of England and Scotland to create the Kingdom of Great Britain. A further Act of Union in 1800 joined the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
In 1922, the territory of what is now the Republic of Ireland gained independence, and only Northern Ireland continued to be part of the United Kingdom. As a result, in 1927 Britain changed its formal title to "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland", usually shortened to "the United Kingdom", "the UK" or "Britain".
Acts of Union 1707.
The first step towards political unification were taken on May 1st, 1707, shortly after the parliaments of Scotland and England had approved Acts of Union which combined the two parliaments and the two royal titles.
Perhaps the greatest single benefit to Scotland of the Union was that Scotland could enjoy free trade with England and her colonies overseas. For England's part, a possible ally for European states that were hostile to England had been neutralised.
Certain aspect of the former independent kingdoms remained separate. Examples of Scottish and English institutions which were not merged into the British system include: Scottish and English law which remain separate, as do Scottish and English banking systems, the Presbyterian Church of Scotland and Anglican Church of England also remained separate as did the systems of education and higher learning.
As the Scots were better educated than the average Englishman, they made a disproportionate contribution to both the government of the United Kingdom and the administration of the British Empire.
Ireland joins with the Act of Union (1800).
The second stage in the development of the United Kingdom took effect on January, 1st, 1801, when the Kingdom of Great Britain merged with the Kingdom of Ireland to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The legislative union of Great Britain and Ireland was completed under the Act of Union 1800. The country's name was changed to "United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland". The Act was passed in the British and therefore unrepresentative Irish Parliament with substantial majorities achieved in part (according to contemporary documents) through bribery, namely the awarding of peerages and honors to critics to get their votes. The separate Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland were abolished, and replaced by a united Parliament of the United Kingdom. Ireland thus became part of an extended United Kingdom. Ireland sent around 100 MPs to the House of Commons at Westminster and 28 peers to the House of Lords.
Napoleonic wars.
Hostilities between Great Britain and France recommenced on May 18 1803. The Coalition war-aims changed over the course of the conflict: a general desire to restore the French monarchy became closely linked to the struggle to stop Napoleon.
The Napoleonic conflict had reached the point at which subsequent historians could talk of a "world war". Only the Seven Years' War offered a precedent for widespread conflict on such a scale.
Victorian era.
The Victorian era marked the height of the British Industrial Revolution and the apex of the British Empire. Although commonly used to refer to the period of Queen Victoria's rule between 1837 and 1901, scholars debate whether the Victorian period—as defined by a variety of sensibilities and political concerns that have come to be associated with the Victorians—actually begins with the passage of Reform Act 1832. The era was preceded by the Regency era and succeeded by the Edwardian period. The latter half of the Victorian era roughly coincided with the first portion of the Belle Époque era of continental Europe and other non-English speaking countries.
Prime Ministers: William Pitt the Younger | Lord Grenville | Duke of Portland | Spencer Perceval | Lord Liverpool | George Canning | Lord Goderich | Duke of Wellington | Lord Grey | Lord Melbourne | Sir Robert Peel | Lord John Russell | Lord Derby | Lord Aberdeen | Lord Palmerston | Benjamin Disraeli | William Ewart Gladstone | Lord Salisbury | Lord Rosebery
20th century.
Marquess of Salisbury | Arthur Balfour | Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman | Herbert Henry Asquith | David Lloyd George | Andrew Bonar Law | Stanley Baldwin | Ramsay MacDonald | Stanley Baldwin | Ramsay MacDonald | Stanley Baldwin | Neville Chamberlain | Winston Churchill
Empire to Commonwealth.
Britain's control over its Empire loosened during the interwar period. Nationalism became stronger in other parts of the empire, particularly in India and in Egypt.
Between 1867 and 1910, the UK granted Australia, Canada, and New Zealand "Dominion" status (near complete autonomy within the Empire).
1945-1997.
The end of the Second World War saw a landslide General Election victory for Clement Atlee and the Labour Party.
As the country headed into the 1950s, rebuilding continued and a number of immigrants from the remaining British Empire were invited to help the rebuilding effort. During the 1950s the UK lost its place as a superpower and could no longer maintain its large Empire. This led to decolonization, and a withdrawal from almost all of its colonies by 1970.
Though the 1970s and 1980s saw the UK's integration to the "European Economic Community" which became the European Union in 1992 and a strict modernization of its economy.
After the difficult 70s and 80s the 1990s saw the beginning of a period of continuous economic growth that has to date lasted over 15 years. The Good Friday Agreement saw what many believe to be the beginning of the end of conflict in Northern Ireland; since this event, there has been very little armed violence over the issue.
21st century.
In the 2001 General Election, the Labour Party won a second successive victory.
Despite huge anti-war marches being held in London and Glasgow, Tony Blair gave strong support to the United State's invasion of Iraq in 2003. Forty-six thousand British troops, one-third of the total strength of the British Army (land forces), were active to assist with the invasion of Iraq and after that British armed forces were responsible for security in southern Iraq in the time before the Iraqi elections of January 2005.
2007 sees the conclusion of the premiership of Tony Blair, followed by the premiership of Gordon Brown (from 27 June 2007).
Footnotes.
¹ The term "United Kingdom" was first used in the 1707 Act of Union. However it is generally seen as a descriptive term, indicating that the kingdoms were freely united rather than through conquest. It is not seen as being actual "name" of the new United Kingdom, which was the "Kingdom of Great Britain". The "United Kingdom" as a name is taken to refer to the kingdom that emerged when the Kingdom of Great Britain and Kingdom of Ireland merged on 1 January 1801.
² The name "Great Britain" (then spelt "Great Brittaine") was first used by James VI/I in October 1604, who indicated that henceforth he and his successors would be viewed as Kings of Great Britain, not Kings of England and Scotland. However the name was not applied to the "state" as a unit; both England and Scotland continued to be governed independently. Its validity as a name of the Crown is also questioned, given that monarchs continued using separate ordinals (e.g., James VI/I, James VII/II) in England and Scotland. To avoid confusion, historians generally avoid using the term "King of Great Britain" until 1707 and instead to match the ordinal usage call the monarchs kings or queens of England and Scotland. Separate ordinals were abandoned when the two states merged with the Act of Union 1707, with subsequent monarchs using ordinals apparently based on English not Scottish history (it might be argued that the monarchs have simply taken the higher ordinal, which to date has always been English). One example is Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, who is referred to as being "the Second" even though there never was an Elizabeth I of Scotland or Great Britain. Thus the term "Great Britain" is generally used from 1707.
³ The number changed several times between 1801 and 1922.
4 The Anglo-Irish Treaty was ratified by (i) The British Parliament (Commons, Lords & Royal Assent), (ii) Dáil Éireann, and the (iii) the House of Commons of Southern Ireland, a parliament created under the British "Government of Ireland Act 1920" which was supposedly the valid parliament of Southern Ireland in British eyes and which had an almost identical membership of the Dáil, but which nevertheless had to assemble separately under the Treaty's provisions to approve the Treaty, the Treaty thus being ratified under both British and Irish constitutional theory.

Firouzkouh_County
Firouzkouh County (Persian: فیروزکوه) is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Firuzkuh.

Shahriar_County
Shahriar County (Persian: شهریار) is a county of the Tehran Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Shahriar. The county has a population of 400,000 people.

Stoke_City_F.C.
Stoke City F.C. is an English association football club based in Stoke-on-Trent. They started in 1863 which makes them the second oldest Football League club in the world. Stoke City play their home games at a stadium called the Britannia Stadium.
One of Stoke City's most famous players was Stanley Matthews.

De_Wallen
De Wallen ("thin walls") are the biggest and most famous red-light district in Amsterdam. It is in the very old (14th century) part of the city around the Oude Kerk and Oudezijds Achterburgwal/Vorburgwal.
In December 2007, the mayor of Amsterdam and his government decided to buy many of brothelhouses within De Wallen. By doing this, the area used for prostitution and coffeshops gets smaller and smaller.

Businessperson
A businessperson (also businessman or businesswoman) is someone who works at an job that focuses on making money. Generally, they are someone who works in the management (at any level) of a company.
Businessperson is used more commonly than in the past, in place of the words businessman or businesswoman to avoid sexism and stereotypes. Sometimes the words businessman or businesswoman are used to point out a man or woman.
Dress code.
Businessmen generally wear standard business clothes: a suit with collar, shirt, and necktie. However, this changes depending on the company, the local culture, and the country. In more casual places, neckties can be left out.
Businesswomen's clothes have gone through many changes. Dresses and suits are common today.

Hunter-gatherer
A hunter-gatherer society is one who lives from edible plants and animals from the wild, by gathering and hunting.
The line between hunter-gatherers and other societies like those who have agriculture as their basis is not a clear-cut one.

Gastriocerataceae
Gastriocerataceae is one of 17 superfamilies of the Goniatitina suborder. They are an extinct group of ammonoid, which are similar to squids and cuttlefish.

Komeijan_County
Komeijan County (Persian: شهرستان کمیجان) is a county of the Markazi Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Komeijan.

Information_technology
Information technology is the use of electronic computers and computer software to convert, store, protect, process, transmit, and securely retrieve information.
Now, people have been using it with many other words from computing and other electronical words. It now covers many more fields of study than it has covered in the past.

Brewery
A brewery is a building, where beer is made or a business (brewing company) whose trade is the production and sale of beer.
Breweries can take up several city blocks, or be a collection of equipment in a homebrewer's kitchen. The diversity of size in breweries is matched by the diversity of processes, degrees of automation, and kinds of beer produced in breweries. Typically a brewery is divided into distinct sections, with each section reserved for one part of the brewing process.
The oldest brewery in the world still in operation is believed to be the Bavarian State-owned brewery Weihenstephan, found in the German city of Freising, which can trace its history back to 1040. Although the Zatec brewery in the Czech Republic claims it can prove paying beer tax in 1004.

Bristol_City_F.C.
Bristol City F.C. are an English association football club. They are based in the city of Bristol and play at a stadium called Ashton Gate. They were formed in 1897.

Argument_of_perihelion
The Argument of perihelion, also known as argument of periapsis or argument of perifocus (ω) is the orbital element describing the angle of an orbiting body's periapsis (the point of closest approach to the central body), relative to its ascending node (the point where the body crosses the plane of reference from South to North). The angle is measured in the orbital plane and in the direction of motion.

Coagh
Coagh is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.

Brian_Clough
Brian Clough was an English association football manager. During his career he was in charge of Nottingham Forest F.C. and Derby County F.C. He won a lot of trophies, including the European Cup twice in 1979 and 1980.

Grameen_Bank
The Grameen Bank is a community development bank started in Bangladesh, India. They give small loans (known as microcredit or "grameencredit") to poor people without asking for money before the loan is given. The word "Grameen", is made of the word "gram" or "village", and means "of the village". The system of this bank is based on the idea that the poor have skills but have no chance to use their skills without some money. The bank also controls some businesses, such as fabric, telephone and energy companies. Most of the banks loans go to women.
The Grameen Bank was started 1976 when Professor Muhammad Yunus, a Fulbright scholar and Professor at University of Chittagong, researched how to provide banking for the rural poor. In October 1983, the Grameen Bank Project was made into an independent bank by the government. The group and its first member, Muhammad Yunus, were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.
Some people have said the banks prices are too expensive and put people in a debt-trap. Some have also said that the bank would not work if people did not give donations. At the same time, it is often seen as a success story in microfinance and as the guide for other groups around the world.
History.
Muhammad Yunus, the banks first member, earned a Ph.D. in economics from Vanderbilt University in the United States. During the Bangladesh famine of 1974 he gave a small loan of USD 27 to a group of 42 families so that they could make small items and sell them without owing too much money. Yunus believed that a lot less people would be poor around Bangladesh if they could find small loans.
The Grameen Bank ("Bank of the Villages", in the Bengali language) is the product of Yunus' ideas. The bank began as a research project by Yunus and the Rural Economics Project at Bangladesh's University of Chittagong. They gave out some small loans and waited to know what would happen. In 1976, the village of Jobra and other villages surrounding the University of Chittagong became the first places where Grameen Bank loaned money to people. The Bank was very successful and with support from the main Bangladesh Bank, gave loans for the Tangail District (to the north of the capital, Dhaka). The bank's success continued and it soon gave loans in many areas of Bangladesh. On October 2, 1983, the project was made into an independent bank, by the Bangladeshi government. Bankers from ShoreBank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus by making Grameen Bank a part of Shorebank with money from the Ford Foundation. After the 1998 flood of Bangladesh, many people could not pay their debts to Grameen for a few years. By the beginning of 2005, the bank had loaned over USD 4.7 billion to poor people.
Grameen Bank now loans money to poor people all over India. By 2006, India had over 2,100 Grameen Bank branches. Its success has inspired similar projects in more than 40 countries around the world and has made World Bank to take an initiative to finance Grameen-type schemes.
The bank gets help with money. In the mid-1990s, the bank started getting most of its funding from the central bank of Bangladesh. More recently, Grameen has been borrowing money. The Government of Bangladesh guaruntees that money borrowed by the Grameen Bank will be repaid.
How the bank works.
Grameen Bank is best known for solidarity lending. The Bank also incorporates a set of values embodied in Bangladesh by the "Sixteen Decisions". At every branch of Grameen Bank the borrowers recite these Decisions and vow to follow them.
There is solidarity lending in over 43 countries. Each borrower must belong to a five-member group, the group does not need to give a guarantee for a loan. The loan is made to only one person but the whole group is to make sure that the money is repaid. Each member has to pay for their own loan but if they have problems the group may help them pay because the group would not get any more loans from Grameen if all the groups loans were not paid.
Grameen Bank does not take people to court if they cannot pay, the system works on trust only. Solidarity groups agree with Grameen to save enough for extra payments in case they cannot pay every time.
Not many women in India can have loans from big banks so 97% of Grameens loans go to women. Women get tereated very badly in some countries and groups, such as the World Bank are researching to know if small loans are helping women around the world.
Over 98 percent of Grameens loans have been paid back but the Wall Street Journal says that 20% of the loans took more than a year longer than the time agreed to pay the loan back. Grameen says that more than half of its borrowers in Bangladesh (close to 50 million) now: have all children of school age in school, all household members eating three meals a day, a clean toilet, a rainproof house, clean drinking water and can pay 300 taka-a-week (around 4 USD) towards their loans.
Village Phone Program.
...Grameen has created a new class of women entrepreneurs who have raised themselves from poverty. Moreover, it has improved the livelihoods of farmers and others who are provided access to critical market information and lifeline communications previously unattainable in some 28,000 villages of Bangladesh. More than 55,000 phones are currently in operation, with more than 80 million people benefiting from access to market information, news from relatives, and more.
Struggling members program.
In 2003, Grameen Bank started a new loan program, different from the Solidarity Group, to help the beggars in Bangladesh. This program is made to give small loans to beggars. The loans cost only the amount of the loan and the repayment take a long time, for example, a beggar taking a small loan of around 100 taka (about US $1.50) can pay only 2.00 taka (about 3.4 US cents) per week and only repays 100 taka.
The bank does not force the beggers to give up begging but tries to get them selling low-priced items. The Global Microcredit Summit in 2006 by one of the banks managers says that by May 2006, around 73,000 beggars have taken loans of about 58.32 million taka (approx. USD 833,150) and repaid 34.78 million taka (about USD 496,900).
Statistics.
Grameen Bank is owned by the people who borrow the money, mostly women. The borrowers own 94% of the bank, and the other 6% is owned by the Government of Bangladesh.
In October 2007, the bank had 7.34 million borrowers, and 97% of those are women.
The number of borrowers has more than doubled since 2003, when the bank had only 3.12 million members. In October 2007, the Bank had a staff of over 24,703 employees and 2,468 branches covering 80,257 villages. There were 43,681 villages covered in the year 2003.
Since its start, the bank has loaned 347.75 billion taka (USD 6.55 billion). 313.11 billion taka (USD 5.87 billion) has been repaid. The bank says 98.35% of loans are repaid. In 1998 95% of loans were repaid. However, many critics doubt this recovery rate and the definition that Grameen uses to come up with this rate.
Nobel Peace Prize.
From modest beginnings three decades ago, Yunus has, first and foremost through Grameen Bank, developed micro-credit into an ever more important instrument in the struggle against poverty. Grameen Bank has been a source of ideas and models for the many institutions in the field of micro-credit that have sprung up around the world.
Mosammat Taslima Begum, used her first loan of 16-euro (20-dollar) from the bank in 1992 to buy a goat and subsequently became a successful entrepreneur and one of the elected board members of the bank. She collected the Nobel Prize for Grameen Bank on December 10, 2006, at the prize awarding ceremony in Oslo City Hall.
Grameen Bank is the only business to have won a Nobel Prize. In a speech given at the presentation ceremony, Professor Ole Danbolt Mjøs, Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, said that, by giving the prize to Grameen Bank and Muhammad Yunus, the Norwegian Nobel Committee wanted to make more contact with the Muslim world, to help women, and on to fight against poverty.
The people in Bangladesh were very happy with the Nobel Prize. Some critics asserted that the award affirms neoliberalism.
Related groups.
The Grameen Bank has grown into over two dozen groups called the Grameen Family of Enterprises. These groups include Grameen Trust, Grameen Fund, Grameen Communications, Grameen Shakti (Grameen Energy), Grameen Telecom, Grameen Shikkha (Grameen Education), Grameen Motsho (Grameen Fisheries), Grameen Baybosa Bikash (Grameen Business Development), Grameen Phone, Grameen Software Limited, Grameen CyberNet Limited, Grameen Knitwear Limited, and Grameen Uddog (owner of the brand Grameen Check).
On July 11, 2005 the Grameen Mutual Fund One (GMFO), was listed as an Initial Public Offering. One of the first mutual funds of its kind, GMFO will allow the over four million Grameen bank members, as well as non-members, to buy into Bangladeshs capital markets. The Grameen group is worth over USD 7.4 billion.
Some people do not agree with Grameen.
Sudhirendar Sharma, a development analyst, says that the Grameen Bank has "landed poor communities in a perpetual debt-trap", and that its ultimate benefit goes to the corporations that sell capital goods and infrastructure to the borrowers. Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina, who said, "There is no difference between usurers [Yunus] and corrupt people." Hasina also says the bank wants too much in return for the loans. Loans from Grameen Bank cost more than bigger banks, around 20% interest. The Mises Institute's Jeffrey Tucker says that Grameen Bank is not good enough for Indias economy and is a way of giving money to people who are not working.

Feldbrunnen-St._Niklaus
Feldbrunnen-St.Niklaus is a municipality in the district Lebern in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.

Second_Epistle_to_the_Corinthians
The Second Epistle to the Corinthians is one of the books in the New Testament. It is an epistle (letter) written to the Church at Corinth by the Apostle Paul.
The Letter.
Paul begins by greeting the people in Corinth and reminding them that he is serving the Lord Jesus Christ. He then spends a lot of time explaining to the people why he is an apostle. Some of the people are mad at him because in 1st Corinthians he told them to stop doing bad things. He explains that he told them to stop because he loved them. He also teaches them that it is very important to forgive others.

List_of_cantons_of_France
Overseas departments of France

Ebersberg_Rural_District
Ebersberg is a rural district in Upper Bavaria in south Bavaria, Germany.

Ailhon
Ailhon is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the south part of France.

Kingdom_of_Scotland
The Kingdom of Scotland was a historic country. It later combined with the Kingdom of England to become the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Earth,_Texas
Earth is a city in Lamb County, Texas, United States. There were 1,109 people living in Earth as of the year 2000.

Book_of_Jonah
The Old Testament book of Jonah, contains four chapters, and forty-eight verses. The book tells the story of the Prophet Jonah, who was called by God to the heathen city of Nineveh, which God would soon destroy if they didn't repent. After his first rejection, Jonah was swallowed by a great fish (probably a whale). He repented of his sin of running away from God prayerfully for three days and nights. God then made the great fish spit Jonah onto the dry land. He obeyed God and went to tell the people of their sins to God.
They nearly had him killed! But that was before their hearts were changed and saw their evildoing. They prayed for God to deliver them from the upcoming destruction to their city. God saw their change and had mercy on them, but Jonah still didn't believe it. He would than wait upon a high up rock and await God's wrath. God wasn't pleased with that and sent a small worm to bite down the small gourd plant, which was Jonah's only shade from the heat of the sun. He was very angry and said it was better for him to die than live. God, in turn said that he cared more about the little plant than all the people of Nineveh!

Arras-sur-Rhône
Arras-sur-Rhône is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.

Hyles-Anderson_College
Hyles-Anderson College is located in Crown Point, Indiana. The unaccredited, fundamental, Christian college was founded in 1972 by Dr. Jack Hyles with much financial help from Russell Anderson.
The college is a ministry of the First Baptist Church of Hammond. The president of the college is Dr. Ray Young, and their chancellor is Dr. Jack Schaap, (pastor of the church). In 2008 they will be starting a program called.

Jaw
The jaw is the bone in the mouth that, in humans, lets the mouth move up and down in order to chew. It is joined onto to the skull.
However, in insects, the jaw may open left and right instead.

Endymion
Endymion is a human character in Greek mythology.
His story is told by various ancient authors. In most versions he is a shepherd, and a young man of unusual handsomeness — so much so that the Moon goddess Selene falls in love with him. She uses her divine power to keep him asleep forever, preserving his youth and beauty.
The Endymion story has been re-told by poets and playwrights. The English playwright John Lyly wrote one version; and the poet John Keats used the story as the basis for his long poem "Endymion".

John_Deacon
John Richard Deacon (born August 19, 1951, in Leicester) is a retired English musician. He is best known as the bass guitarist for the rock band Queen. He also was part of the controversial mix up that was he "supposedly " had hidden satanic messages in the ever famous song "Another One Bites The Dust". No comment was made by the bass guitarist who was accused of including the messages when writing the song.

Berzème
Berzème is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.

Bozas
Bozas is a town and commune of the Ardèche "département", in the southern part of France.

Peyrepertuse_castle
Peyrepertuse castle is one of the Cathar castles. It was built before the 11th century. It is Aude, in Languedoc-Roussillion. It is built in a strategic position, on a cliff, about 30-40m high. The castle is first mentioned in the year 806, but the site seems to have been occupied since Roman times. At that time, it belonged to a Catalan count. It later changed hands, firct to the Count of Barcelona, then to that of Narbonne.
When the Treaty of Corbeil is signed in 1258, the border between France and Spain is right to the south of the castle. In the year 1240, after the Crusade against the Cathars, the castle becomes French. It is extended, and there is a garrison placed there; it protects against invasions until the 16th century when Roussillon becomes a French territory.
Today, the ruins of the castle attract about 100.000 visitors a year. There is a vineyard nearby.

Scout_movement
The Scout movement (sometimes called Scouting) is a youth movement. It was started in 1907 as a movement for boys by Robert Baden-Powell.
Baden-Powell took many ideas from the experiences he made with the Mafeking Cadet Corps. This corps was a paramilitary group made of boys. It was formed during a siege in the Second Boer War. The boys mainly carried messages; that way the soldiers coud focus on defending the city.
Today, the scout movement is for boys and girls, aged about eight to about twenty. Originally, the movement was for boys only. A movement for girls, called "Girl Guides" was started in 1910. Today, both the movement for boys, and that for girls are part of the scout movement.
In the scout movement, people learn to work together to achieve a goal. They also train their character, to become better adults.
Usually when they start in the scouts they give a promise to live by certain rules, and to help others when they can.
Scouts spend their time outdoors, whenever possible.
How many scouts there are.
In 2005, there were more than 28 million boy scouts and over 10 million girl guides, from 216 different countries. Only in six countries was there no scout movement in 2006. They were Andorra, People's Republic of China, Cuba, Laos, Myanmar and North Korea.
In Cuba, there was a scout organisation, but the Communist government replaced it by the José Martí Pioneer Organization, which is similar to scouts, but without the international brotherhood and the peace mission. Scouting organisations have been banned in China. They have been replaced by Young Pioneers of China an Communist Youth League of China. These organisations are similar to scouts, but without the international brotherhood and the peace mission. There are no scouting organisations in Myanmar, but there are a few boy scouts and girl scouts (headed by the US scout movement) in Yangoon.
How it started.
Baden-Powell was a military officer. He was stationed in India and Africa in the 1880s and 1890s. Since his youth, he was fond of woodcraft and military scouting. He therefore showed his men how to survive in the wilderness. He noticed that if he taught the soldiers to develop independence, they would no longer follow the orders given by their officers blindly.
During the Second Boer War, Baden-Powell was besieged in the small town of Mafeking by a much larger Boer army (the Siege of Mafeking). The Mafeking Cadet Corps was a group of youths that supported the troops. The cadets carried messages. This freed the men for military duties. It also kept the boys occupied during the long siege. The Cadet Corps performed well, helping in the defence of the town (1899–1900). This experience was one of the many factors that inspired Baden-Powell to form the Scouting movement. Each member received a badge that showed a combined compass point and spearhead. The badge's logo was similar to the fleur-de-lis that Scouting later adopted as its international symbol.
In the United Kingdom the public followed his struggle to hold Mafeking through newspapers. After the siege, Baden-Powell had become a national hero. This pushed the sales of a small instruction book he had written about military scouting, "Aids to Scouting".
On his return to England he noticed the large interest of boys in this book, which was also used by teachers and youth organizations. Several people suggested to him to rewrite this book for boys, especially during an inspection of the Boys' Brigade. This brigade was a large youth movement, drilled with military precision. Baden-Powell thought this would not be attractive and suggested that it could grow much larger when scouting would be used. He studied other schemes, parts of which he used for Scouting.
Other scout-like organisations.
Since trhe scouts were formed, other people have tried to form scout-like movements. These movements are much like the scouts, but they put more weight on different things. There are for example socut-like movements that focus more on the fact that the young people should get a good education in religious matters. The movements that have been formed in countries such as Cuba or China are much like scouts; they leave out some elements tohugh, that the national governments thought would harm the country.

Oldenzaal
Oldenzaal is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands, near the border with Germany.
It got city rights in 1249.

Biface
In archaeology, a biface is a two-sided stone tool, made through a process of lithic reduction, that shows flake scars on both sides. A view from the side of the final product tends to exhibit a lenticular shape (i.e., as a convex lens). Bifacial artifacts can be made on large flakes or blocks, and may be grouped into many distinct classes. For
Biface technology is almost unknown in Australian prehistory.

10051_Albee
10051 Albee (1987 QG6) is a Mars-crossing Asteroid that was found on August 23, 1987 by E. F. Helin at Palomar.

Book_of_Ruth
The Book of "Ruth" (meaning "pity or compassion") is the eight book of the Old Testament (Christian), and the Tanakh (Jewish). It is one of the shortest books in both the Jewish and Christian Holy books, consisting of only four chapters. It is unknown who wrote the book, some think that it was written by Samuel, but there is no evidence for that. According to many scholars, this book was originally part of the Book of Judges, and was later taken from that book and made independent. It was probably written around 900 BC.
Story of Ruth.
The book tells the story of the family of Elimelech, his wife Naomi, and their sons Mahlon and Chilion. Because of a famine, they were forced to leave Bethlehem and go to the land of Moab. Once their, Elimelech died, and his sons married two Moabite women, Mahlon married Ruth, and Chilion married Orpah. After some time there, Mahlon and Chilion both died.
Naomi was forced to return home because her husband and sons were dead. She then told Ruth and Orpah return home to their families and find new husbands. Orpah returned home but Ruth promised she would follow Naomi wherever she went.
They returned to home and Ruth decided she would go into the fields to pick up grain the wealthy people would drop on the ground (a common practice in that time). A kind man named Boaz, who was the owner of the field, noticed her and her beauty. He told his workers to drop extra grain for her. When she went home to tell her Mother-in-law how much she received, they discovered that Boaz was a close relative of theirs.
After an even closer relative renounced his right to marry her, Boaz and Ruth were married! She would bear him a son named Obed, who was the father of Jesse, who was the father of David, who was, according only to the New Testament, the ancestor of Jesus.

Fudge
Fudge is a candy that can be rich and can have the flavor of cocoa. It is made by putting sugar, butter, milk, and chocolate and mixing them together.

2297_Daghestan
2297 Daghestan is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 1, 1978 by N. S. Chernykh at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.

Caliban_(band)
Caliban is a metal band from Hattingen, Germany. They started in 1997. They play "metalcore" which is mixture of Hardcore and Heavy metal. The members are: Andreas Dörner (vocals), Denis Schmidt (guitar, vocals), Marc Görtz (guitar), Marco Schaller (bass, vocals) and Patrick Grün (drums).

Honda_S2000
The Honda S2000 is a roadster created by the car company Honda. It was first on sale in April 1999. It is the Successor (new model) of the S800.
Models.
The S2000 was introduced in 1999 as a 2000 model.
In 2004, the new S2000 was introduced.

Blank_verse
Blank verse means poetry that does not use rhyme.
Many critics judge blank verse to be better than rhyme for serious subjects, and many poets have used blank verse for their most important works. Shakespeare used rhyme in his early plays, but in his more mature works like "Hamlet" he preferred blank verse. John Milton wrote "Paradise Lost" in blank verse, and Wordsworth used it for "The Prelude" and "The Excursion". John Keats used rhyme in his "Endymion", his first try at a major poem; for his second attempt, "Hyperion", he switched to blank verse.
Many 20th century poets gave up both rhyme and the strict meter of blank verse to write free verse.

FC_Angusht_Nazran
FC Angusht Nazran are a Russian football club from Nazran. In 2006 the club played in the Russian First Division, the second level of Russian professional football.
The club was founded in 1993 as "Ingushetia Nazran" and entered the Russian Third League in 1994. In 1995 the club was renamed Angusht and finished second in their zone, securing promotion to the Second League. Angusht finished second in 1998 and third in 2000, and in 1995 they managed to win their Second Division zone to get another promotion. The club spent the 2006 season in the First Division, finishing last between 22 teams. After the season Angusht went bankrupt, were renamed FC Nazran and joined the Amateur Football League.

Désaignes
Désaignes is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France. The commune has a population of 1,105 people as of the year 1999.

Lamastre
Lamastre is a village and commune in the Ardèche "département" in the center of southern France. The commune has a population of about 2,400 people as of the year 1999.

Anne_of_Green_Gables
"Anne of Green Gables" is a book by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery. It was published in 1908. It was written as fiction for readers of all ages, for for a few decades has been classified as a children's book. Montgomery wrote the book after seeing a newspaper article about a couple that were mistakenly sent an orphan girl instead of a boy, yet decided to keep her.
The book takes place on Prince Edward Island, Canada, where the author grew up.
Sequels.
Montgomery continued the story of Anne Shirley in a series of sequels. They are listed in the order of Anne's age in each of the novels.

Detroit_Pistons
The Detroit Pistons are a team of the National Basketball Association, and are located in Detroit, Michigan. The team's home arena is The Palace of Auburn Hills. In 1948, the team was located in Fort Wayne, Indiana, but that was before moving to Detroit in 1957. The team has won NBA championships in 1989, 1990, and 2004. Their head coach is Flip Saunders, they are owned by William Davidson, and their General Manager Joe Dumars.

The_Game_(album)
"The Game" is a rock album by English band Queen released June 30, 1980. It was the only Queen album to reach the #1 position in both the United Kingdom and the United States.

Ruoms
Ruoms is a "commune" of the Ardèche "département" in the southern part of France. The commune has a population of about 2,100 people as of the year 1999.

Oregon_Territory
The Oregon Territory is the name applied both to the unorganized Oregon Country claimed by both the United States and Britain (but normally referred to as the Oregon Country), as well as to the organized U.S. territory formed from it that existed between 1848 and 1859.
The Territory of Oregon was organized on August 14, 1848, by an act of Congress out of the U.S. portion of the Oregon Country below the 49th parallel north. It originally included all of the present-day states of Idaho, Oregon and Washington, as well as Montana west of the Continental Divide, and Wyoming west of the Continental Divide and north of the 42nd parallel north—the northern border of the Mexican Cession.
The first territorial capital was in Oregon City. The capital was later moved to Salem in 1851.
In 1853, the portion of the territory north of the lower Columbia River and north of the 46th parallel east of the river was organized into the Washington Territory.
On February 14, 1859, the territory entered the Union as the U.S. state of Oregon within its current boundaries. The remaining eastern portion of the territory (the portions in present-day southern Idaho and western Wyoming) was added to the Washington Territory.
In 1861 and then 1863, portions to the east were organized into the Nebraska Territory and Idaho Territory (respectively.)

Jimboomba
Jimboomba is a town in south east Queensland, Australia, with around 1,400 inhabitants.

Innuendo_(album)
"Innuendo" is a 1991 album by English rock band Queen. It is the band's fourteenth studio album and the last to be composed entirely of new material. It is also the final studio album to be released while lead singer Freddie Mercury was still alive.

Regent
A regent is a position of government in a country where there is a monarchy (like a king or queen). He (or she) is an "acting king", and does the job of a king where the real king is either too young, sick or cannot do what he is meant to for some other reason.
They may also be voted in if there are no monarchs in line to the throne, for instance, if the current king or queen does not have any relatives when s/he dies.

Tekken_(series)
"Tekken" is a fighting video game series made by a gaming company called "Namco".

Sola_fide
Sola fide means "Faith only". Protestants believed that people must trust Jesus. They have to trust that Jesus lets people into heaven. Only people who trust Jesus can get to heaven.
This believe was a principle of the Protestant Reformation of the reformer Martin Luther and is a principle of Protestants today (see Five solas).

809_Lundia
809 Lundia is a small, binary, V-type asteroid orbiting in the Flora family in the Main Belt. It is named after Lund Observatory, Sweden.
The V-type spectrum says that it is not genetically related to the Flora family, but rather is probably a piece (actually two pieces) blown off the surface of nearby 4 Vesta by a big impact in the past. Its orbit is too far from Vesta for it to actually be a member of the Vesta family It is not clear how it came at an orbit so far from Vesta, but other examples of V-type asteroids fairly far from their parent body are known. A mechanism of interplay between the Yarkovsky effect and nonlinear secular resonances (mainly involving Jupiter and Saturn) has been suggested
Binary.
A moon, designated S/2005 (809) 1, was seen based on lightcurve sightings in 2005. In fact, the size of the two bodies appear to be close in size, because during mutual occultations the brightness drops by a similar amount independently of which body is hidden. Assuming an albedo similar to 4 Vesta (around 0.4), suggests that the bodies are about 7 km across. It takes 15.4 hours to orbit each other, which says that the binary is very close — the separation being of the order of 10-20 km, if normal asteroid albedo and density values are assumed.

Domestic_rabbit
The domestic rabbit is the domesticated form of the European Rabbit ("Oryctolagus cuniculus").
Domestic rabbit are kept as livestock, for meat or their fur; or they are kept as pets. Like other domesticated animals, there are many different breeds.

List_of_Gumby_episodes
This list displays the 7 pilot and all 233 episodes of Gumby.

M-Tram
M>Tram was a tram operator in Melbourne, Victoria. They got a 12 year contract on 29 August, 1999 to run the Swanston Trams franchise, which was later renamed to M>Train. M>Tram stopped running trams in April 2004. Yarra Trams runs all tram services in Melbourne now. M>Tram's slogan was Moving Melbourne.

Master_of_the_Djinni
"Master of Djinni" is one episode of Ducktales's series.
Episode.
Scrooge McDuck and Huei, Dewey and Louei go to Sahara desert to find Aladdin's lamp with Flintheart Glomgold following them. The ducks find the lamp's vault but Scrooge and Glomgold rubbing it in the same time. The djinni out and because he can't know who rubbing the lamp first, he decide do a race bettween Scrooge and Glomgold. By Scrooge's suggestion, the djinni decide live in Manor McDuck during the race. Once that the djinni and the nephews gone to the mansion, Scrooge fight Glomgolds tramps (like the vallian try kild him with a rocks avalanche). Scrooge decide win the race to Glomgold leave his nephews without a dime.
At McDuck's mansion, the djinni began like of the luxuries of the Scrooge's house (as he can eat burgers, swim in the pool and watch TV). He like so much that he decide send Scrooge and Glomgold to back in time, to he can live free forever. Because the two billionaires don't know about the time voyage, they continue running when they find a palace. The Sultan, thinking that they are spies of Hemir decide give the ducks to crocodilles. But Schewebazade, the Sultan's young wife, save them and they escape from the palace. The guards following them and Glomgold go for his count. Meanwhile, the nephews and Webby, that witnessed the evil act of the djinni, close it in the lamp and leave only the leave when he agrees to bring Scrooge to the future.
At this moment, Scrooge and Glomgold back to the present-day. Unfortunately, Glomgold find an explors and make over win the race. Obviously, Scrooge can make over come to Duckburg only to discovery that Glomgold win the race. Glomgold's first wish is send Scrooge to a desert island. Glomgold use involuntary his second wish to go to the desert island with Scrooge (he said "How I can wish see Scrooge's face when he comes there"!). At the island, Glomgold wish that the lamp never found on the first place. This do everything to back in time when the ducks opens the vault entrace. The explosion made the lamp fall and despite the ducks can back to Duckburg a live, the lamp stays on the vault as never found.

Harihara_I
Harihara I, (1336-1356 CE) also called Hakka ಹಕ್ಕ and "Vira Harihara I", was the founder of the Vijayanagara empire. He was the eldest son of Bhavana Sangama and was founder of the Sangama dynasty, the first among the four dynasties that ruled Vijayanagara. Immediately after coming to power, he built a fort at Barkuru, on the west coast of present day Karnataka. Kannada inscriptions of his time call him "Karnataka Vidya Vilas" (master of great knowledge and skills), "Bhashegetappuvarayaraganda" (punisher of those feudatories who don't keep their promise), "Arirayavibhada" (fire to enemy kings). Among his brothers, Kampana governed Nellur region, Muddppa administered Mulabagalu region, Marappa oversaw Chandragutti and Bukka Raya was his second in command.
At first he conquered the valley of Tungabhadra River, then he expanded his control to certain regions of Konkan and Malabar Coast. By that time Hoysala Empire had lost its last ruler and Harihara I could gain power.
An inscription of 1346 speaks of Harihara I as the ruler of “whole country between the eastern and the western seas, and the inscription describes "Vidya Nagara" (that is, the city of learning) as his capital.
Harihara I was succeeded by Bukka I who was the most distinguished amongst the five rulers (Panchasangamas) of the Sangama dynasty.

Ocean
An Ocean is a large area of salt water between continents. Oceans are very big and they join smaller seas together. All oceans in the world can be thought of as one "ocean", because all the "oceans" are joined.
The ocean is blue because it reflects the color of the sky.
The biggest ocean is the Pacific Ocean. It covers 1/3 (one third) of the Earth's surface.
The Smallest ocean is the Arctic Ocean.
There is a 'new' ocean, the Southern Ocean. It is the combination of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans around Antarctica. It is also known as the Antarctic Ocean.
The deepest ocean is the Pacific ocean, with the deepest point being 36,200 feet deep.

Gaeltacht
Gaeltacht areas are regions where most of the people speak the Irish language. Most Gaeltacht regions are in the Republic of Ireland. The largest Gaeltacht areas are in the counties of Kerry, Cork, Galway, Mayo, Donegal, Waterford and Meath. Irish is the most common language spoken in the Gaeltacht, but most of the people can also understand the English language.

Bahebek_Wahashtini
"Bahebek Wahashtini" is a song written and sung by Emarati pop star Hussein El Jesmy, the song serves as the theme music for the popular Arabic film "Al Rahina (2006)", or "The Hostage".
The words, when translated in Arabic to English, means "I love you and I've missed you"; this, of course, parallells the intimacy and loyalty that the character within the movie has for his mother country, Egypt.

Nature's_services
"Nature's services" is a term for the ways in which nature benefits humans. It means particularly those benefits that can be measured in economic terms. Robert Costanza and other theorists of natural capital analysed nature's services to humanity in the 1990s.
The economic contribution of seventeen of these services they caculated to be about US$33 trillion per year, greater than the activities the whole human economy, which was about US$25 trillion.
This was based on estimated costs of replacing the services nature provides. For that purpose they were compared with equivalent services that are produced by humans. This calculation makes clear that mankind cannot develop without nature's services.
This study is central for the theory of natural capital.
But this study had no great influence on government policy or on WTO, IMF or G8 economic and trade policy.

Isle_of_Arran
Isle of Arran is an island in Scotland. Most people there live in Lamlash and Brodick.
The two towns are rivals. The west has much sheep, and the north, much deer. Two boats go between Arran to the mainland - one goes from Claonaig on the mainland to Lochranze in the north of the island; and the other goes from Ardrossan to Brodick in the east of the island.

Edo_period
The, also called the Tokugawa period (徳川時代 "Tokugawa-jidai"), is the time from 1603 to 1868 in Japanese history. The period marks the governance of the Edo or Tokugawa shogunate, which was officially established in 1603 by the first Edo shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu. The period ended with the Meiji Restoration, the restoration of imperial rule by the 15th and last shogun Tokugawa Yoshinobu. The Edo period is also known as the beginning of the early modern period of Japan.
In this time Shinto developed an intellectual form shaped by neo-Confucian rationalism and materialism.

Větrný_Jeníkov
Větrný Jeníkov is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 582 people live there and it has 12,22 km². Větrný Jeníkov was first documented in 1226.

Scylla
Scylla was a sea monster in Greek mythology. She was said to be the daughter of Posiedon. Scylla was a water dwelling version of the hydra and the sister of Charybdis.

McDonaldland
McDonaldland was a "fake" cartoon land made by the fast food restaurant, McDonald's. McDonaldland was used in commercials, which are short clips on TV to sell things. McDonaldland was used to sell McDonald's Happy Meals (the kid's meal). The McDonaldland people were Big Mac, Birdie, Captain Crook, CosMc, Fry kids, Grimace, Hamburglar Iam Hungry, and some others. The main person is Ronald McDonald. McDonald's got sued (a case for money) by a company that said everything in McDonaldland was a ripoff (copy with little difference) of their TV show. McDonald's gave them one million dollars and lost many of the people who were in the commercials. 4 were left and they were in the real world instead of a cartoon land. Now in later years, Ronald has been in the commercials by himself without any of the McDonaldland people.

Nissan
Nissan is a car company from Japan. It was previously called Datsun.

Bob_Jones_University
Bob Jones University (BJU) is a private, Protestant Christian, university in Greenville, South Carolina. The university was founded in 1927 by "Bob Jones, Sr." (1883-1968), an evangelist, taught by Billy Sunday.

Vortex
A vortex (pl. "vortices") is a spinning, often turbulent,
flow of fluid. The motion of the fluid swirling rapidly around a center is called a vortex. The speed and rate of rotation of the fluid are greatest at the center and become smaller with distance from the center.

An_Inconvenient_Truth
"An Inconvenient Truth" is an controversial American Academy Award-winning documentary movie about global warming. The movie stars former United States Vice President Al Gore and directed by Davis Guggenheim. The movie was first shown at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival and opened in New York and Los Angeles on May 24 2006. It was released on DVD by Paramount Home Entertainment on November 21 2006.
Controversy.
On April 18, 2008, ABC News reported that one of the shots of the Antarctic glaciers in the movie was made by computer and used in the 2004 movie The Day After Tomorrow. In "An Inconvenient Truth", the audience is shown the glacier scene while "Al Gore" was saying, "And if you were flying over it in a helicopter, you'd see it's 700 feet tall. They are so majestic." The movie has received much criticism from some who feel Mr. Gore's voice-over indicates the computer shot used was a real one.

Themis_(hypothetical_moon)
On April 28, 1905, the American astronomer William H. Pickering said that he had found a tenth moon of the planet Saturn. Pickering named the moon Themis. No other astronomer has ever seen the moon that Pickering said he saw. Because of this, astronomers do not count Themis as an official moon of Saturn.
Pickering tried to figure out an orbit for Themis. He thought that Themis had an inclination of 39.1° to the ecliptic, with 0.23 eccentricity (0.23) and a semi-major axis distance of 1,457,000 km. This meant that Themis had an orbit like the moons Titan and Hyperion. Pickering believed that it took Themis 20.85 days to orbit Saturn, in a prograde motion.
Pickering thought that the diameter of Themis was about 38 miles (61 km). Pickering had also discovered the moon Phoebe, but modern astronomers know that Pickering made a mistake when he gave 42 miles (68 km) as the diameter of Phoebe. Because astronomers know how Pickering made his mistake, they can say that if Themis existed, it would have a diameter of 200 km.
In April 1861, Hermann Goldschmidt also thought he discovered a new satellite of Saturn between Titan and Hyperion. Goldschmidt called this moon Chiron. The moon Chiron also does not exist, but the name was used much later for the comet/asteroid 2060 Chiron.
In 1906, the French Academy of Sciences gave Pickering the Lalande Prize of the French Academy of Sciences for his "discovery of the ninth and tenth satellites of Saturn".
The actual tenth satellite of Saturn (in order of discovery) was Janus, which was discovered in 1966 and confirmed in 1980. Its orbit is far from the supposed orbit of Themis.
There is also an asteroid named 24 Themis.

Sánchez_Ramírez_Province
Sánchez Ramírez is a province of the Dominican Republic. It is located in the central part of the country. Its capital city is Cotuí.
It was created on 1952. It was a municipality of the Duarte province before being elevated to the category of province.
Location.
The Sánchez Ramírez province is in the centre of the country, in the southeast limit of the Cibao Valley (part of the region called "Eastern Cibao"). It is bordered to the north by the Duarte province, to the east and south by the Monte Plata province, to the southwest by the Monseñor Nouel and La Vega provinces.
Origin of name.
The province was named after Juan Sánchez Ramírez, who was born in Cotuí and who fought against the French army when the country was a colony of France. When the country was again a Spanish colony, Sánchez Ramírez was the governor of the colony.
History.
The territory of the province was part of the La Vega Province from the Dominican independence (in 1844) until 1945 when most of the territory was made part of the Duarte Province.
On 3 March 1952, the province was created with the territory of Cotuí, part at that moment of the Duarte Province, and the southeastern part of La Vega Province. When it was created, it had only two municipalities: Cotuí, the provincial capital, and Cevicos.
Municipalities.
The Sánchez Ramírez province has a total area of 1,196.13 km². It has 2.5% of the area of the Dominican Republic and it is ranked as the 21st (out of 31 plus the National District) largest province.
There are four municipalities and eight municipal districts in the province.
Population.
In 2002 (last national census), there were 151,179 people living in the Sánchez Ramírez province, and 69,218 (45.8%) living in towns and cities. The population density was 126.4 persons/km².
Geography.
There are two regions in the country. The valley of the River Yuna on the north and the northeast of the province, and the Sierra de Yamasá in the southern part of the province.
The valley of the River Yuna is part of the large region of Eastern Cibao; it is flat and with very good soils.
The Sierra de Yamasá is the eastern mountain range of the Cordillera Central ("Central mountain chain") with low mountains. The highest mountain in the province is in this mountain range; it is "La Naviza" (sometimes written La Navisa) and it is 680 metres high.
The most important river is the Yuna, that flows from west to east; the other rivers are all tributaries of this river. Other rivers are Cevicos, Chacuey and Maguaca; they flow from the Sierra de Yamasá into the River Yuna.
Economy.
The main economic activities in the province are farming and mine. Close to the town of Las Lagunas, in the Sierra de Yamasá, are the gold mines.
The main products of farming in the Sierra de Yamasá are cacao, orange and tobacco. In the Yuna valley, rice is the most important product but pineapple and orange are also produced.
Cattle is also important in the province, mainly in the northwestern part of it.

Mataram
Mataram is a city on the west side of the island of Lombok, Indonesia. It is the capital and largest city of West Nusa Tenggara province, and has a population of around 342,896 people as of the year 2005.

Typha
"Typha" is a genus of plants. They are found in wetland habitats. They are commonly found in the Northern Hemisphere, but may be found in wetlands elsewhere. These plants are known in British English as bulrush, bullrush or reedmace, and in American English as cattail or punks'".

Harriet_Harman
Harriet Ruth Harman (born July 30, 1950) is an English politician and the current Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women and Equality. She is the Member of Parliament for the Camberwell and Peckham constituency in the United Kingdom. She was first elected in the 1982 general election for Peckham.
She is a member of the Labour Party.

Yvette_Cooper
Yvette Cooper (born March 20, 1969) is an English politician and the current Chief Secretary to the Treasury. She is the Member of Parliament for the Pontefract and Castleford constituency in the United Kingdom. She was first elected in the 1997 general election.
She is a member of the Labour Party.

Battle_of_Manzikert
The Battle of Manzikert, or Malazgirt (Turkish: "Malazgirt Savaşı") was fought between the Byzantine Empire and Seljuq Empire. The Seljuq forces attacked on August 26, 1071 near Manzikert, (modern Malazgirt, Turkey). Its result was one of the most decisive defeats of the Byzantine Empire and the capture of the Byzantine Emperor Romanos IV Diogenes. The Battle of Manzikert played an important role in breaking the Byzantine resistance and preparing the way for the Turkish settlement in Anatolia.

Trojanus_of_Saintes
Trojanus of Saintes (died c.530) was a 6th century bishop of Saintes, in France.
He is a Catholic saint, also known as Trojan and Troyen. His feast day is held on 30 November.

Kaliningrad_Oblast
Kaliningrad Oblast (Russian: Калинингра́дская о́бласть, Polish Obwód kaliningradzki) is an exclave of Russia bordered by Poland, Lithuania and Baltic Sea. A capital of Kaliningrad Oblast is Kaliningrad.

Oliver_Letwin
Oliver Letwin (born May 19, 1956) is an English politician and the Chairman of Policy Review, and Chairman of the Conservative Research Department. He is the Member of Parliament for the West Dorset constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 1997 general election.
He is a member of the Conservative Party.

Jeremy_Hunt
Jeremy Hunt (born November 1, 1966) is an English politician and the current Shadow Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport. He is the Member of Parliament for the Surrey South West constituency in the United Kingdom. He was first elected in the 2005 general election.
He is a member of the Conservative Party.

Partnership
A partnership is when two or more people work together to complete a task. Businesses are usually in "partnership" with other companies for the profit of each other.

List_of_islands_by_area
This is a list of islands in the world ordered by area. It includes all islands with an area greater than 250,000 km² (96,526 square miles).
Although an island is, in general, any land mass that is completely surrounded by water, some definitions exclude land masses large enough to be considered continents. Placing Australia in the latter category (even though arguments can be made whether it is technically a continent, or merely part of the larger continent called Australasia) makes Greenland the largest island. For the sake of classification the list of islands will begin with Greenland.

Seii
Seii (西威) (c. 1326 – c. 1354) was the 2nd king of the Okinawan kingdom of Chūzan. He ruled after his father, Tamagusuku, in 1336, when he was only ten years old.

Bando_kickboxing
Bando kickboxing is the modern, sport form of "lethwei", nicknamed in Europe "Burmese boxing of four arms". It has been born in North America in the beginning of the years 1960, this type of fencing with feet and with gloved fists in a ring has given life, in the USA of the years 1970, to several forms of full contact and of kickboxing.
There exist, in competition, two forms of fight: "controlled bando kickboxing" (light contact) where the blows only touch the opponent in order to not hurt him, and the "Bando kickboxing of full contact" where the blows with full power are acceptable, destined to the adults who are more expert. According to the age and to the technical level, the rules and the conditions of competition are variable: particularly, there change the authorized and forbidden techniques, the time of fight, the type of surface of fight (carpet or ring) and the wearing of certain protections (helmet, plastron (protector of chest and abdomen), protectors of shins, slippers, etc.).

Ian_Rush
Ian Rush is a former Welsh international footballer, who notably played for Liverpool F.C. and Juventus.
He was a very successful striker, who set many goal-scoring records for Liverpool in particular.
When he retired from playing, he managed teams including Tranmere Rovers F.C..

Billy_Graham_Center
The Billy Graham Center was founded and opened in 1981 on the campus of Wheaton College. Named after Billy Graham, the center is the main place for many of Wheaton College's bible and theology classes. There are eleven areas of work focused on "Stimulating Global Evangelism" with 25-40 staff, carrying out the work.

Princess_Jasmine
Princess Jasmine is a fictional character of in the film "Aladdin".
Life.
Jasmine born on Agrabah, at the royal Palace. she live surrounded by all kinds of luxuries and comforts, and she had as her's only friend tiger Rajah. She lost her mother early (when not mentioned) and, hence, was educated by his father, the Sultan. She was happy until the day that the Sultan informed the company that she should marry before their 18th birthday.
Unhappy being forced to marry, Jasmine fleeing the palace. In the streets, she knows Aladdin that is arrested for keeping real. When you return to the palace, the henchman Jafar he was decapitated. Later, Jafar takes the control of Agrabah and Jasmine was reduced to slave. Aladdin arrives and defeat Jafar. Jasmine realizes that she loves Aladdin and the two decide to marry. She still had to wait a few months and, finally, she is married and has become queen.

Hohenbrunn
Hohenbrunn is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Miyuki_Komatsu
is a Japanese actress.

Wagoner,_Oklahoma
Wagoner is a city in Wagoner County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 7,669 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Wagoner County.

Sean_Hannity
Sean Hannity (born December 30, 1961) an American radio talk show host and best-selling author. He first was noticed as the co-host for the Fox News program Hannity & Colmes, a political television program co-hosted by Alan Colmes. He is the second highest rated talk-radio show in the United States, for his work with his show called The Sean Hannity Show. He is also the host of Hannity's America, on the TV station Fox News Channel.

The_Sean_Hannity_Show
The Sean Hannity Show is an American radio show with conservative talk show host Sean Hannity. It is a political talk show, but many times will cover things other than the mainstream media. The "Hannity" program is the second highest rated program, behind only The Rush Limbaugh Show. On the show, "Sean" and the people who call in often say to each other "you're a great American!"

Metal_leaf
Metal leaf is a type of metalic foil used mostly for decoration. Gold leaf, a thin layering of gold foil, is the most common form of metal leaf, and the two words are often mixed up. Only very malleable metals can be made into leaf, meaning that only easily shaped, but at the same time very hard to break metals are used. Metal leaf is seen in various fields other than in decoration, sometimes used in art and gilding, its purposes in some cultures varies.

Abruzel_River
The Abruzel River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania. That means that it flows into the Abrud River.

Adâncata_River_(Bahluieţ)
The Adâncata River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania. That means that it flows into the Bahluieţ River.

Bistriţa_River_(Siret)
The Bistriţa River (sometimes called the Bistriţa Moldoveană River) is a river in the Romanian region of Moldavia. Near Bacău, it flows into the Siret River. It flows through the counties Suceava, Neamţ and Bacău.
Tributaries.
These are the tributaries of the
Left: Vulcănescu, Şes, Tinosu Mare, Iurescu, Bretila, Ţibău, Cârlibaba, Afinetu, Valea Stânei, Andronic, Botoş, Gropăria, Oiţa, Brezuţa, Fieru, Argestru, Chilia, Biliceni, Gheorghiţeni, Rusca, Stânişoara, Călineşti, Frumuşana, Izvorul Arseneasa, Colbu, Arama, Chiril, Cojoci, Fieru, Pârâul Fagului, Izvorul Casei, Leşu, Puzdra, Holdiţa, Cotârgaşi, Pietroasa, Săbaşa, Fărcaşa, Galu, Largu, Stâna, Vârlanu, Leteşti, Hangu, Buhalniţa, Potoci, Capşa, Pângăraţi, Pângărăcior, Cuejdiu, Cracău, Câlneş, Poloboc, Dorneşti, Români, Leţcana, Racova
Right: Putreda, Tomnatecu Mare, Tomnatecu Mic, Bila, Lala, Rotunda, Izvorul Şes, Zacla, Rusaia, Măgura, Fundoaia, Stânişoara, Valea Bâtcii, Gândac, Diaca, Humor, Scoruş, Pârâul Rece, Suhărzelu Mic, Suhărzelu Mare, Tisa, Ciotina, Haju, Dorna, Neagra Şarului, Arinaş, Cozăneşti, Ortoaia, Bolătău, Rusca, Oşoiu, Sunători, Valea Lutului, Izvoru Rău, Bârnărel, Pârâul Cornului, Pârâul Ciucului, Bârnaru, Căboaia, Broşteni, Neagra Broşteni, Borca, Stejaru, Dreptu, Ruseni, Zahorna, Roşeni, Pârâul Duruitorilor, Bistricioara, Schitu, Răpciuniţa, Ţiflic, Valea Strâmtorilor, Izvorul Alb, Secu, Izvoru Muntelui, Coşuşna, Bicaz, Crasniţa, Crasna, Potoci, Tarcău, Oanţul, Secu, Agârcia, Doamna, Pârâul Mânăstirii, Afinişul, Sasca, Calul, Iapa, Nechitu, Dragova, Buda, Trebiş, Hemeiuş

Agigea_River
The Agigea River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania. That means it flows into the Danube-Black Sea Canal.

Brookfield_Zoo
The Brookfield Zoo is a large zoo near Chicago, Illinois. The zoo is about 216 acres (874,124 m²), and has around 450 species of animals.

List_of_biologically_important_elements
This is a list of the twelve most important chemical elements for life, in order of atomic number.
See Also.
Chemical element

George_Müller
George Fredrick Müller (German: Georg Friedrich Müller) (September 27, 1805 – March 10, 1898), was an Christian evangelist and worker of orphanages in Bristol, England. He cared for about 10,000 orphans in his life. He was well-known for giving an education to the children under his care, so much that sometimes he was accused of giving the poor more then they should be given.
Childhood.
Müller was born in Kroppenstedt, a village in the Kingdom of Prussia. His early life he was not very righteous. He was a thief, a liar and a gambler. At age 15, while his mother was dying, he was playing cards with friends and drinking.
His father wanted to give him a religious education that would give him a wealthy job as a clergyman in the church. While studying divinity at college, a fellow student invited him to a Christian house meeting. He was welcomed there, and he soon began reading the Bible. He also began talking much with the others at the meetings. He soon left his sinful life, and began wanting to be a missionary. He began preaching in churches nearby. He still met with the growing group of evangelical believers in his university.
Early years.
In 1828, Müller almost started working with Jews in England. But when he got there, in 1829, he fell ill. When he got better, he promises he would obey the will of God. He soon left London. He believed that God would provide for his needs as he did his Christian work. He became the pastor of a chapel in Devon. Soon after, he married Miss "Mary Groves". While he was the pastor of the church, he wouldn't let them give him a regular salary. He also stopped renting pews for the church. He said that would give too much money to the wealthy.
He moved to Bristol in 1832. In 1834, he founded the "Scripture Knowledge Institution for Home and Abroad". It had the goal of helping Christian schools and missionaries. And also it gave away the Bible. He didn't get any money from the government. He only accepting personal gifts. But still they received, and gave away £1.5 million ($2,718,844 USD) by the time of his death. It was mainly used for supporting the orphanages he worked at. But also they giving away nearly two million Bibles and other religious texts.
Middle life.
Müller and his wife began working with orphans in 1836. They then kept thirty girls in their own home. Soon after that, they opened three more orphanages. That made the total of children they cared for about 130. In 1845, as they got bigger, Müller decided that they would build another building for around 300 children. In 1849, that home opened. By 1870, more than 2,000 children were being helped in their five homes.
To this point, Müller had never asked for financial support, and he didn't go into debt. Even though their five homes cost over £100,000 to build. Many times, he would get free food donations only hours before it was time to eat. That helped his faith in God even more. Every morning after breakfast there was a time of Bible reading and prayer. Every child was given a Bible when they left the orphanage. The children had nice clothes. Müller even had a school inspector make sure things were done right.
In 1871, an article in The Times stated that since 1836, 23,000 children had been educated in the schools. Also it said that thousands had been educated in other places that they paid for. The article also said that since he started, 64,000 Bibles, 85,000 Testaments, and 29,000,000 religious books had been made, and given away. They also had to pay the support of 150 missionaries.
Later years.
In 1872, after the death of his first wife in 1870, he got married to Susannah Grace Sanger. In 1875, at the age of 70, he began a 17 year period of missionary travel. He preached in the United States, India, Australia, Japan, China, and nearly forty other countries. He traveled over 200,000 miles, and that was before the airplane was invented. Because he knew several languages, he was able to preach in English, French, and German. His sermons were translated into over twelve other languages.
He told in his autobiography how he came to closely read the Bible, he came with "great astonishment" to find that it was able to "speak decidedly" to him. He was a founding member of the "Open Brethren" movement. In 1892, he went back to England. He later died on March 10, 1898.

Geert_Wilders
Geert Wilders (born 6 September 1963) is a Dutch (The Netherlands) politician. He is a member of the Dutch Parliament at first for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy and from 2006 for Party for Freedom which he created himself and of which he is the leader.
Politics.
He began as assistant of Frits Bolkestein in 1990. In September 2004, he left People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD in Dutch, the language spoken in the Netherlands). After that he made his own party named Groep Wilders later he changed the name to Partij voor de Vrijheid (Party for the freedom or PVV)
Fitna.
Fitna is a short movie made by Wilders and was released on the internet on March 27 2008.

Bitter
Bitter, one of the five basic tastes.
Common bitter foods and beverages are the coffee, pure chocolate, beer, citrus peel and escarole. Quinine is also known for its bitter taste and is found in tonic water.

Iron_Man_(movie)
"Iron Man" is a superhero movie based on the fictional Marvel Comics character "Iron Man". It was released in various countries from April 30, 2008 to May 2 2008. The movie is about Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), a billionaire industrialist who is captured by terrorists in Afghanistan. The movie received very good reviews, and as of May 5 holds a 94% positive rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It was the number one movie in America in its opening weekend.
Plot.
Tony Stark (Downey) is a very rich and smart man who is the leader of Stark Industries, a company that makes weapons and bombs. He gives a demo in Afghanistan for the United States Army to show off his new weapon. He and four other soldiers get into a humvee and drive off. During the ride, the humvee is attacked by some Afghanistan people. All of the soldiers are killed and Stark is kidnapped.
Stark wakes up in a cave to find a man named Yinsen standing over him. Yinsen took as much shrapnel out as he could and installed wires connected to a battery to prevent the rest of the shrapnel from reaching his heart and killing him. The leader, a man named Raza, orders Stark and Yinsen to build a missile for him. Stark builds an arc reactor, which is a very small thing that produces clean power. It replaces the battery and its wires.
He and Yinsen then build an armored suit for Stark to escape. In the final moments, Stark goes off-screen (Raza and his men are watching on video cameras) to load the suit up. When the suit takes too much time, Yinsen picks up an assault rifle and starts shooting to give Stark more time. The suit loads and Stark easily defeats Raza and his men. He then sees Yinsen one last time, who is fatally wounded and dies minutes later. Stark sets fire to the whole camp and lifts off using the armored suit. He crashes and the Army finds him.
At home, Stark announces that he is closing the weapons division of Stark Industries. He then spends all of his time downstairs building a new armored suit. He also builds a new arc reactor that is more powerful than the last one. Stark tells his secretary, Pepper Potts (Paltrow), to destroy the old one, but she instead puts it in a glass box. On the first test of his second armor (called the Mark II armor), Stark goes up into the atmosphere and the suit freezes up. He rebuilds it to withstand the cold temperature and paints it red (this one is called Mark III).
At a party, he learns that other people, like Obadiah Stane (Bridges) (the second-in-command at Stark Industries) are secretly selling weapons to Raza and his men. He tells Potts to go into Stane's office and find the shipping records so he can fly to the places and destroy the weapons. Stone finds out that Potts got the data and goes to Stark's house, where he takes Stark's second arc reactor and leaves. Stark starts to fall down as he tries to get back to his workshop to find the original arc reactor. He shatters the glass box and installs it and then suits up to fight.
Potts and a bunch of government men enter the Stark Industries location to arrest Stane. Earlier in the movie, Stane had gone to Afghanistan. Raza and his men found the first Iron Man armor and gave it to Stane. Stane uses the armor to build a bigger suit that is known as Iron Monger. Stark and Stane then battle. At the end, Stark has Potts blow up the large arc reactor at Stark INdustries in order to beat Stane.
In the next few days, the press has dubbed Stark's armor "Iron Man". A government agency called S.H.I.E.L.D gives him a cover story that he was on a boat during the events. However, during the press conference, Stark doesn't use the story and says that he is Iron Man. After the credits roll, a man named Nick Fury tells Stark that he is not the only superhero around and that he would like to discuss the Avengers Initiative with him.
Sequel.
Because this movie did so well, Marvel plans to make a new one. It will be called "Iron Man 2" and will be released in April 2010.

Oberhaching
Oberhaching is a municipality in the Munich Rural District in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Kaufbeuren
Kaufbeuren is a city in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany.

Baltimore_Orioles
The Baltimore Orioles is a Major League Baseball team in Baltimore, Maryland.

Nin_Cathedral
Nin Catheral is a cathedral in Nin, Croatia. It is probably the smallest cathedral ever built. It was built around 800, and probably was the seat of the local bishop at the time.
The small cathedral was built on the area of a former Roman basilica, destroyed during the barbarian invasions of Dalmatia in the VI century.

Fumaric_acid
Fumaric acid is a chemical substance that occurs in various plants. It also occurs as a by-product at various times in the human body. In chemistry it is used for food preservation. It is known as E 297. Usually it replaces citric acid. In medicine, it is used to treat various diseases of the skin, such as Psoriasis.
Albert Szent-Györgyi was awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1937 because of his work on Fumaric acid.

Underpants
Underpants, also known as undergarments or underwear, are thinner, smaller articles of clothing warn under outer layers of clothing to further conceal private parts such as the penis and testicles, vagina, anus. Underpants are often thought of as pants within pants.
Bras.
Bras are not underpants because they are not warn around the legs. They are under"wear", though, because they are warn under outer layers of clothing.
Nutcups.
It should also be noted that protective testicle cups are also underpants.

Barium_chloride
Barium chloride is a chemical substance. It is among the most important salts of barium. It is soluble in water. It is a poison. When it burns, it gives a yellow or green color to the flame. It is hygroscopic, it attracts water. It is mainly used to purify brine but applications include fireworks.
Barium chloride is toxic.Sodium sulphate may be an antidote.

List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)
There are three lists of countries of the world sorted by their gross domestic product (GDP) (the value of all final goods and services produced within a nation in a given year). The GDP dollar estimates given on this page are derived from Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) calculations. Using a PPP basis is arguably more useful when comparing generalized differences in living standards on the whole between nations because PPP takes into account the relative cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries, rather than using just exchange rates which may distort the real differences in income. However, economies do self-adjust to currency changes over time, and technology intensive and luxury goods, raw materials and energy prices are mostly unaffected by difference in currency (the latter more by subsidies), despite being critical to national development, therefore, the sales of foreign apparel or gasoline per liter in China is more accurately measured by the nominal figure, but everyday food and haircuts by PPP.

JavaServer_Pages
JavaServer Pages (JSP java) is a programming language used server applications. It was created by Sun Micro System. A software server such as Apache is needed to run it.

Chief_Constable
A Chief Constable is the top police officer in a police force in the United Kingdom. Every police force in the United Kingdom has a Chief Constable except the City of London Police and the Metropolitan Police Service.

Aiud_River
The Aiud River or Aiudul de Sus River () is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mureş River. The top part of the river is also known as Vălişoara River.

Albele_River_(Strâmbu)
The Albele River is a tributary of the Strâmbu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Strâmbu River.

Wi-Fi_Protected_Access
Wi-Fi Protected Access (also known as WPA and WPA2) is the name for a number of standards to use encryption on a Wireless LAN. The standards were created because researchers had found several weaknesses in Wired Equivalent Privacy. Wired Equivalent Privacy, or "WEP" was the standard that came before it. The protocol "WPA2" implements most of the standard IEEE 802.11i.
Products that have the label "WPA" were designed to work with most cards, even those that came out before there was WPA. This is not true for access points though.
Products with the "WPA2" implement all of the standard. This is more secure, but it may not work with some older cards.

Wesfarmers
Wesfarmers is a Australian company. It is one of the two largest retailers in Australia; the other is Woolworths. It owns Coles Supermarkets, K-Mart, Target Bunnings Warehouse and Bi-Lo Supermarkets.

Logging
Logging is the process in which trees are cut down for forest management and/or timber harvest. Logging is controversial because it can make environmental problems.

Walker_(tool)
A walker or walking frame is a tool for disabled people who need help to support and keep balance while walking. The rollator/walker is from Sweden.

Peeter_Volkonski
Peeter Volkonski Peeter (also "Piotr Andreevich Volkonsky") (born December 9, 1954), in Tallinn, Estonia) is a Estonian actor and rock-musician composer. He is a Prince from the Rurik Dynasty. He is the key art figure in Estonia.
Peeter Volkonski is a descendant of an aristocratic princely family, son of Prince Andrei Volkonsky. HSH Prince Pyotr Mikhailovich Volkonsky is a great-great-great-great-grandfather of Prince Peeter Volkonski.

Western_Front_(World_War_I)
After the beginning of World War I in 1914, the German army started the Western Front by invading Luxembourg and Belgium. They then gained military control of many important industrial regions in France. The tide of the advance was dramatically turned with the Battle of the Marne. Both sides then engaged in trench warfare from the North Sea to the Swiss border with France. During the years between 1915 and 1917, many offensives started along these lines. They used lots of artillery and a large amount of infantry advances. However, a combination of entrenchments, machine gun nests, barbed wire, and artillery stopped these advances before any major damage could be done to the opposing forces. No major breakthroughs happened. To try to stop the deadlock, this front used new military technology, like poison gas, aircraft, and tanks.

Creation_Museum
The Creation Museum is a 60,000 square foot museum in the United States. It was made to tell the story of creationism. The museum shows it's view of the theory of the start of the universe, life, mankind, and man's early history. It is based on the book of Genesis in the Bible. Its goes against evolution and says that the Earth and all of its life forms were created in 6 days just, 6000 years ago.

Communes_of_Romania
A commune ("comună" in Romanian) is the second lowest level of division in Romania. There are 2,686 communes in Romania. There is no set limit to population in the communes, but once they exceed a population of 10,000 people, the commune gets the status of a city. The first lowest level of division in Romania is called "sat". "Satele" (pl.) are for the "comuna" just like the counties for the state.

Nick_Carter
Nickolas Gene Carter (born January 28, 1980) is an American actor, musician, and pop singer. He is a member of the music group Backstreet Boys. In 2002 he realesed his first solo album called "Now or Never", the album reached #17 on Billboard 200 and was certified gold.

Popol_Vuh_(disambiguation)
Popol Vuh (Quiché for "Council Book" or "Book of the Community"; Popol Wuj in modern spelling) is the book of scripture of the Quiché, a kingdom of the post classic Maya civilization in highland Guatemala.

Sadu_River_(Olt)
The Sadu River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cibin River.

Uz_River
The Uz River is a tributary of the Trotuş in Romania. That means it flows into the Trotuş River.

Agnieszka_Włodarczyk
Agnieszka Włodarczyk (b. 13 December 1980 in Sławno) is a Polish actress and singer, who won the Polish version of "Soapstar Superstar" ("Jak oni śpiewają") in 2007r. She first rose to fame for her role as Agnieszka in the Polish sitcom "13 Posterunek", which was directed by Maciej Slesicki. In addition to series, she has also appeared in a number of other famous Polish sitcoms and movies, including "Świat według Kiepskich", "Nastroje" and in Waldemar Dziki's movie "Pierwszy Milion" (2000r.). In the TV series "Zostac Miss", she plays a student of philosophy, and in "Plebania" she plays Wiki, the sister of a vicar. In 2002, she had a role in Olaf Lubaszenko's comedy "E=MC2". Since 2003, she has had a role in the series “Czego sie boją faceci, czyli seks w mniejszym miescie”. In 2004, she took part in "Nigdy w Życiu!" as Jola. She also performed in the series "Dziki" (2004r.) and in its sequel "Dziki 2. Pojedynek" (2005r.). She has recently signed a contract with the Polish publishing-house My Music.

Sadu_River_(Jiu)
The Sadu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jiu River.

Ralph_Ellison
Ralph Waldo Ellison (March 1, 1913–April 16, 1994) was an African-American writer. He was born in Oklahoma and studied at the Tuskegee Institute.
Ellison is most famous for writing "Invisible Man", a novel about racism and African American identity. The narrator of the book calls himself an invisible man because people refuse to see him for who he really is. "Invisible Man" won a National Book Award and is still read today by many students and scholars.
Besides "Invisible Man", Ellison wrote many essays. He was very interested in music, especially jazz. He started a second novel, called "Juneteenth", but never finished it.

FreeDOS
FreeDOS is a free and open-source operating system. It is made to work just like MS-DOS. Almost all programs that will run on MS-DOS will run on FreeDOS too. It was created because Microsoft didn't want to make MS-DOS anymore. FreeDOS can be installed with a floppy or with a CD.

Labradorite
Labradorite is one kind of feldspar. It is a silicate mineral, and is special because it is often pretty enough to be used in jewelry. Some kinds of labradorite are called moonstone or sunstone.

T.N.T._(song)
T.N.T. is a song recorded in 1975 by the hard rock band DC from their Australian album T.N.T. and the international version of High Voltage. The song is written by Bon Scott, Angus Young and Malcolm Young.

U.S._Electoral_College
The United States Electoral College is a name used to describe the 538 Presidential electors who come together every four years during the presidential election to give their official votes for President and Vice President of the United States.

Deductive_reasoning
Deduction is one of the two main types of reasoning. The other is induction. In deduction, we apply a general rule to a particular case.
The first two statements are called "premises", the third statement is called the "conclusion".
Mathematicians use deduction to discover new mathematics.

Black_tie
Black ties is the word for a type of clothing that normally includes either a dinner jacket suit that consists of a jacket and matching trouser. People in Canada and the United States call black ties tuxedoes.

List_of_Muslims
This is a list of Muslims, or people who follow Islam.

John_Edwards
Johnny Reid "John" Edwards 1953) is an American politician who served one term as U.S. Senator from North Carolina. He ran for President of the United States twice, but was defeated by John Kerry and Barack Obama in the Primaries.

Yucatec_language
Yucatec Maya ("Maaya T'aan" in the revised orthography of the "Academia de Lenguas Mayas de Guatemala") is a Mayan language spoken in the Yucatán Peninsula. It is also spoken in northern Belize and parts of Guatemala. To native speakers, it is known only as Maya - "Yucatec" is a label linguists use to distinguish it from other Mayan languages (such as K'iche' and Itza' Maya).
In the Mexican states of Yucatán, northern Campeche and Quintana Roo, Maya remains many speakers' first language today, with approximately 800,000 speakers.

Lark_Rise_to_Candleford
"Lark Rise to Candleford" is a trilogy of semi-autobiographical novels about the English countryside, written by Flora Thompson, and first published in that form in 1945. The trilogy includes the previously published stories "Lark Rise" (1939), "Over to Candleford" (1941) and "Candleford Green" (1943).
The stories relate to three communities, a hamlet, the nearby village and the nearest town in Oxfordshire, England at the start of the 20th century. The stories are loosely based around Flora's childhood experiences. The books describe village life through the seasons of the year
The plays.
The television scriptwriter and playwright "Keith Dewhurst" adapted Thompson’s trilogy into two plays, "Lark Rise" and "Candleford", which were performed in the Cottesloe auditorium of London’s National Theatre in 1978–9. Dewhurst selected just two days: the first day of harvest for "Lark Rise" and the first hunt meet of the new year, a winter’s day in January, for "Candleford". The plays try to make the audience recognize the value of a way of life, close to the land and countryside, that they could never know for themselves. “It will send most spectators out wiser and happier human beings...one of those rare theatrical occasions with a genuine healing quality”, wrote theatre critic "Michael Billington" of "The Guardian".
Television.
A ten-part BBC adaptation, starring Dawn French and others, began on BBC One in the UK on 13 January 2008.

Mensa_International
Mensa International (or just "Mensa") is the largest, oldest and most famous high-IQ group of people in the world. The non-profit organization only has members with high IQs. They must score at the 98th percentile or higher on a standardized, supervised intelligence test. In many cases the IQ you have to have to join is 133.

Ancient_Near_East
The Ancient Near East is the name given to early civilizations within a region roughly corresponding to the modern Middle East: Mesopotamia (modern Iraq and Syria), Persia (modern Iran), Anatolia (modern Turkey), the Levant (modern Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, and Jordan), and Ancient Egypt, from the rise of Sumer in the 4th millennium BCE until the region's conquest by Alexander the Great in the 4th century BCE, or covering both the Bronze Age and the Iron Age in the region. As such, it is a term widely used in the fields of Near Eastern archaeology, ancient history and Egyptology.
Some would exclude Egypt from the ancient Near East as a geographically and culturally distinct area. However, because of Egypt's intimate involvement with the region, especially from the 2nd millennium BCE, this exclusion is rare.
The ancient Near East is considered the cradle of civilization. It was the first to practice intensive year-round agriculture; it gave the rest of the world the first writing system, invented the potter's wheel and then the vehicular- and mill wheel, created the first centralized governments, law codes and empires, as well as introducing social stratification, slavery and organized warfare, and it laid the foundation for the fields of astronomy and mathematics.

Pliny_the_Younger
Gaius or Caius Plinius Caecilius Secundus, born Gaius or Caius Plinius Caecilius (61/63 in Como - ca. 113), better known as Pliny the Younger, was a lawyer, a remarkable writer, an author, and natural philosopher of Ancient Rome. Pliny's uncle, Pliny the Elder, helped raise and educate him and they were both witnesses to the eruption of Vesuvius on August 24th, 79 AD.

Plastic_surgery
Plastic surgery is a surgery that is done to change the way a person's body looks or works. Some plastic surgeries can change both. Work can be done on someone's bones, cartilage, muscles, fat, and skin.

Anti-nuclear_movement_in_the_United_States
For many years the anti-nuclear movement in the United States succeeded in delaying or halting commitments to build some new nuclear plants. Anti-nuclear campaigns that captured national public attention in the 1970s involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant, Diablo Canyon Power Plant, Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant, and Three Mile Island. More recent targeted campaigning has related to the Indian Point Energy Center, Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station, Pilgrim Nuclear Generating Station, Salem Nuclear Power Plant, Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant, Idaho National Laboratory, proposed Yucca Mountain waste repository, the Hanford Site, the Nevada Test Site, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, and transportation of nuclear waste from the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Many different groups have been involved in various protests and demonstrations over the years.
More than fifty anti-nuclear groups are operating, or have operated, in the United States. These include: Abalone Alliance, Clamshell Alliance, Greenpeace USA, Institute for Energy and Environmental Research, Musicians United for Safe Energy, Nevada Desert Experience, Nuclear Control Institute, Nuclear Information and Resource Service, Public Citizen Energy Program, Shad Alliance, and the Sierra Club.
Many well-known scientists and engineers have expressed reservations about nuclear power. These people include: Barry Commoner, S. David Freeman, John Gofman, Amory Lovins, Arjun Makhijani, Gregory Minor and Joseph Romm.

Tizimín
Tizimín is a city in Mexico. The city is 100 miles east of Merida in Mexico. The Merida in Mexico is not the same as the Merida in Spain.
In the Maya language, Tizimín means tapir. A tapir is a big animal that lives in South America.

Vedea_River
The Vedea River () in the southern part of Romania comes up from the Cotmeana Plateau and flows into the Danube. It has a length of 224 kilometers.

King_of_the_Klondike
"King of Klondike" is the main chapter of The Life and Times of Scrooge McDuck.
Plot.
Scrooge goes to Klondike, where he looks for gold at the White Agony Creek. Scrooge goes to Dawson where he meets an occasional thief, Glittering Goldie. Goldie and Scrooge fall in love but they not admit it to each other. Soapy Slick, an evil business man, tries to make Scrooge to work free for him but Scrooge destroys his bar. Scrooge returns to White Agony Creek, where he finds gold and finally becomes rich.

Sandal
Sandals are an open type of footwear, consisting of a sole held to the wearer's foot by straps or thongs passing over the instep and around the ankle. While the distinction between sandals and other types of footwear can sometimes be blurry (as in the case of "huaraches"—the woven leather footwear seen in Mexico), the common understanding is that a sandal reveals most or all of the foot (especially the toes) to view. People may choose to wear sandals for several reasons, among them economy (sandals tend to require less material than shoes), comfort in warm weather, and (especially for women) for reasons of fashion and attractiveness.
Usually, sandals are worn in warmer climates or during warmer parts of the year, because feet stay cool and dry. The chances of getting a fungal infection on the feet (athlete's foot) is lower than with wearing an enclosed shoe, and wearing sandals may be part of treatment for a fungal foot infection. Wearing sandals with socks is considered by many to be a faux pas.

Province_of_Syracuse
Syracuse is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

Târnava_Mare_River
The Târnava Mare River ("Big Târnava";;) is a river in Romania. It joins the Târnava Mică River in Blaj, forming the Târnava.
Tributaries.
Left: Chiuveş, Vărşag, Sicasău, Izvoare, Deşag, Fembediu, Garon, Hodoş, Pârâul Mare, Var, Filiaş, Daia, Şapartoc, Herteş, Valea Dracului, Pârâul Câinelui, Saeş, Criş, Laslea, Valchid, Biertan, HodoşAţel, Valea Mare, Buzd, Moşna, Ighiş, Râul Târgului, Vorumloc, Vişa, Soroştin, Cenade, Spătac, Veza
Right: Tartod, Creanga Mică, Senced, Tifan, Bosnyak, Pârâul Sărat, Fehéres, Cireşeni, Beta, Râul Tăieturii, Pârâul Tulbure, Fâneaţa Îngustă, Feernic, Goagiu, Pârâul Stânei, Eliseni, Hetiur, Ernea, Giacăş, Şmig, Curciu, Păucea, Chesler, Valea Lungă

Almaş_River_(Someş)
The Almaş River or Valea Fildului River () is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Someş River.

War_of_the_two_brothers
War of the two brothers (also called Inca Civil War or Inca war of succession), was a war in 1527 (the fighting started in 1531). It all started as a disagreement between the two brothers Huáscar and Atahualpa.

Province_of_Turin
Turin (or Torino) is a province in the region of Piedmont, Italy.

Almaşul_Mic_River
The Almaşul Mic River is a tributary of the Valea Crişului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Crişului River.

The_Cry_of_the_Icemark
"The Cry Of The Icemark" is the first book in the Icemark Chronicles that are written by the English author Stuart Hill. The book won the Ottakar's Children's Book Prize in 2005.. It also won the 2006 Highlands Children's Book award for Long Novels in 2006. It is followed by "The Blade of Fire".

Province_of_Pesaro_and_Urbino
Pesaro and Urbino is a province in the region of Marche in Italy. It has about 349,737 inhabitants.

Jefferson_Parish,_Louisiana
Jefferson Parish is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. Most of the suburbs of New Orleans are in this parish. Because of this Jefferson parish has the most population in the state.

The_Key_(novel)
"The Key" is a fantasy book that was written by Marianne Curley. It is the third book in the Guardians of Time Trilogy.

Michigan_State_University
Michigan State University (or "MSU" for short) is a public university in East Lansing, Michigan.
Athletics.
The Michigan State Spartans are the athletic team of the university. The school's athletic program includes 23 varsity sports teams. The school colors are green and white. They play in NCAA Division I and the Big Ten Conference.
Mascot.
The mascot of the university is called "Sparty". He is mostly shown as a muscular male Spartan warrior/athlete dressed in a stylish Greek costume.

Royal_Library_of_Turin
The Royal Library of Turin is a important museum in Turin, Italy.
It was started by King Charles Albert of Sardinia in 1839.
Now it has 187,987 print volumes, 4,403 hand-written volumes (manuscripts), 3,000 drawings, 188 books made before 1501 (incunabula), 5,029 books from the sixteenth century, 20,987 pamphlets, and many engravings and maps. These works come mainly from collections from Savoy.
The most important antique is a self-portrait of Leonardo da Vinci. This self-portrait is in an underground vault that is resistant to fires, earthquakes, and even airplane crashes.

Alkene
Alkenes are a group of hydrocarbons. They have the general formula CnH2n. All alkenes have a carbon to carbon double bond.

Libération
"Libération" (also called as "Libé") is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris in 1973 by Jean-Paul Sartre.

Nebula_Award
The Nebula Award is an award given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA), for the best science fiction/fantasy fiction written in the United States. The 2007 Nebula Awards were recently announced on April 26, 2008, in Austin, Texas.

Province_of_Pavia
Pavia is a province in the region of Lombardy in Italy.

Quetzalcoatl
Quetzalcoatl (pronounced:ketsalˈkoːaːtɬ in Nahuatl) is an Aztec sky and creator god. The name is a combination of "quetzalli", a brightly colored Mesoamerican bird, and coatl, what means serpent. The name was also taken on by several ancient Aztec leaders. Many events and attributes attributed to Quetzalcoatl are exceedingly difficult to separate from the political leaders that took this name on themselves. Quetzalcoatl is often referred to as The Feathered Serpent and was connected to the planet Venus. He was also the patron god of the Aztec priesthood, of learning and knowledge. Today Quetzalcoatl is arguably the best known Aztec deity. But there were several other important Aztec gods too: Tlaloc, Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopochtli.
Other Mesoamerican cultures have worshipped a feathered serpent god as well: At Teotihuacan the several monumental structures have images of a feathered serpent (See the so-called "Citadel and Temple of Quetzalcoatl"). One can see similar images at Chichén Itza and Tula. This has led scholars to conclude that the deity called Quetzalcoatl in the Nahuatl language was among the most important deities of Mesoamerica.

Telnet
Telnet is a common network protocol used on the Internet and also inside a LAN (local network). It was developed in 1969 beginning with RFC 15 and is now defined as IETF STD 8, which is one of the first Internet standards. However, due to its lack of security, Telnet has been replaced with Secure Shell on most servers.

Aluniş_River_(Bertea)
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Bertea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bertea River.

Motherwell
Motherwell is a large town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is an important town as many people have to come through it to get to places such as Lanark, Hamilton and Glasgow. It has a train station with four platforms, the biggest in North Lanarkshire. It is next to Wishaw.
"This short article can be made longer. You can help Wikipedia by [adding to it]."

Evelyn_Waugh
Evelyn Waugh (pronounce like the word "war"), (born 28 October 1903; died 10 April 1966) was an English writer. He is well known for his satirical novels which include "Decline and Fall", "Vile Bodies", "Scoop", "A Handful of Dust" and "The Loved One", and especially for "Brideshead Revisited" and the "Sword of Honour" trilogy. When he was writing these novels he used experiences that he had in his own life. He often describes British aristocracy and high society, making satirical fun of them. However, in his real life he was also attracted to them.
His travel writings and his diaries and letters have also been published.

South_Medwin_River
The South Medwyn is a river in the Lanarkshire area of Scotland.

Aluniş_River_(Uz)
The Aluniş River is a tributary of the Mogheruş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mogheruş River.

Rise_of_a_Hero
"Rise of a Hero" is a fantasy book that was written in 2005 by Hilari Bell. It is the second book in the Farsala Trilogy.

Dunga_River
The Dunga River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Baraolt River.

Opat_River
The Opat River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Cibin_River
Cibin () is a river in the southern part of Transylvania in Romania. The Cibin River is a tributary of the Olt River. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Vertical_draft
An updraft or downdraft is the vertical movement of air as weather causes two forces to move.

Dojo
A dojo (道場) is a Japanese term which literally means "place of the Way". Dojo are sometimes added on to temples.
Uses.
The term can refer to a training place for any of the Japanese arts but it is considered the formal gathering place for students of a martial arts style to train, take exams and fight.

Saving
In common usage, saving generally means putting money aside, for example, by putting money in the bank or investing in a pension plan.
In a broader sense, saving is typically used to refer to economizing, cutting costs, or to rescuing someone or something.

Tezcatlipoca
Tezcatlipoca (was a central deity in Aztec mythology. He was associated with many concepts including the night sky, the night winds, hurricanes, the north, the earth, obsidian, enmity, discord, rulership, divination, temptation, sorcery, beauty, war and strife. His name in the Nahuatl language is often translated as "Smoking Mirror" because of his connection to obsidian, the material from which mirrors were made in Mesoamerica and which was used for shamanic rituals.
He had many names in context with different aspects of his deity: Titlacauan ("We are his Slaves"), Ipalnemoani ("He by whom we live"), Necoc Yaotl ("Enemy of Both Sides"), Tloque Nahuaque ("Lord of the Near and the Nigh") and Yohualli Èecatl (Night, Wind), Ome acatl ("Two Reed"), Ilhuicahua Tlalticpaque ("Possessor of the Sky and Earth").
On pictures he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face. He is often shown with his right foot replaced with an obsidian mirror or a snake - an allusion to the creation myth in which he loses his foot battling with the Earth Monster. Sometimes the mirror was shown on his chest, and sometimes smoke would come from the mirror. Tezcatlipocas Nagual, his animal counterpart, was the jaguar and his Jaguar aspect was the deity Tepeyollotl "Mountainheart".
The Tezcatlipoca figure goes back to earlier Mesoamerican deities worshipped by the Olmec and Maya. Similarities exist with the patron deity of the K'iche' Maya as described in the Popol Vuh. A central figure of the Popol Vuh was the god Tohil whose name means "obsidian" and who was associated with sacrifice. Also the Classic Maya god of rulership and thunder known to modern Mayanists as "God K", or the "Manikin Scepter" and to the classic Maya as "K'awil" was shown with a smoking obsidian knife in his forehead and one leg replaced with a snake.
Tezcatlipoca and Quetzalcoatl.
Tezcatlipoca was often described as a rival of another important god of the Aztecs, the culture hero, Quetzalcoatl. In one version of the Aztec creation account the myth of the Five Suns, The first creation, "The sun of the Earth" was ruled by Tezcatlipoca but destroyed by Quetzalcoatl when he struck down Tezcatlipoca who then transformed into a jaguar. Quetzalcoatl became the ruler of the following creation "Sun of Water", and Tezcatlipoca destroyed the third creation "The Sun of Wind" by striking down Quetzalcoatl.
In later myths, the four gods who created the world, Tezcatlipoca, Quetzalcoatl, Huitzilopochtli and Xipe Totec were referred to respectively as the Black, the White, the Blue and the Red Tezcatlipoca. The four Tezcatlipocas were the sons of Ometecuhtli and Omecihuatl, lord and lady of the duality, and were the creators of all the other gods, as well as the world and man.

Province_of_Ferrara
Ferrara is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.

Corythosaurus
Corythosaurus is a genus of ornithopod was a large are plant-eating, duck-billed dinosaur. It was about 30-33 feet (9-10 m) long, 6.6 feet (2 m) tall at the hips, and may have weighed up to 5 tons. It had a hollow, bony crest on top of its long head in the shape of a helmet flattened on the sides (Corythosaurus means "helmet lizard"). Males had larger crests than females and juveniles.

Province_of_Benevento
The Province of Benevento (Italian: Provincia di Benevento) is a province in the Campania region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Benevento.

Max_Rostal
Max Rostal (born Cieszyn, 7 August 1905; died Bern, 6 August 1991) was a violinist who was a famous violin teacher. He was Austrian-born, but later took British citizenship.
He was born in Cieszyn and studied with Carl Flesch. From 1930-33 he taught at the Berlin Hochschule, from 1944 to 1958 at the Guildhall School of Music, London and then at the conservatory in Bern, Switzerland. Many of his pupils became famous players. They include three members of the Amadeus Quartet.
Rostal played a wide variety of music, including many newly composed works such as Violin Concerto no 2 by Béla Bartók.

337
__NOTOC__

Vezina_Trophy
The Vezina Trophy is awarded every year to the National Hockey League's goaltender who is chosen as the best goaltender. At the end of each season, the 30 General Managers of the teams in the National Hockey League vote to determine the goaltender who was the most valuable to his team during the regular season. Before 1981, it was awarded to the goaltender(s) of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season; now, the William M. Jennings Trophy is awarded under this previous definition.
History.
The Vezina Trophy was named for Georges Vézina, a very good goaltender with the Montreal Canadiens. Vezina felt sick during a game in 1925 because he had tuberculosis. When Vezina died, the trophy was given to the League by the former owners of the Montreal Canadiens, Leo Dandurand, Louis Letourneau and Joe Cattarinich. It was first awarded at the end of the 1926-27 NHL season.
Until the 1980–81 season, the trophy was awarded to the goaltender(s) of the team that gave up the least goals during the regular season. However, it was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual and hence the change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goaltender(s) playing for the team with the fewest goals against. Since 1981, the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL General Managers to the most outstanding goaltender. Billy Smith of the New York Islanders was the first winner of the Vezina under the current system.
There have been numerous instances of players receiving the trophy many times in different years, and players tying for the trophy. Jacques Plante holds the record for winning the most Vezinas with seven, trailed by Bill Durnan and Dominik Hasek both of who have won six. Hasek has won the most under the current system of honouring the best individual goalie. Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times. Under the original definition, there would often be multiple winners from the same team during one season. In the 1973-74 NHL season, Tony Esposito of the Chicago Black Hawks and Bernie Parent of the Philadelphia Flyers finished tied for the fewest goals against, the only time that there would be a tie between two players from different teams. There are only three players that have won both the Vezina and Hart Memorial Trophy for the same season: Jacques Plante, who won both trophies for the 1961–62 season; Dominik Hasek who won both for the 1996–97 and 1997–98 seasons; and Jose Theodore, who won the Vezina and Hart for the 2001-02 NHL season. Two other Vezina winning goaltenders have also won the Hart Memorial Trophy: Roy Worters and Al Rollins. Chuck Rayner was the only goaltender to win the Hart Memorial Trophy, but never the Vezina.
The voting is conducted at the end of the regular season by the 30 general managers of the teams in the National Hockey League, and each individual voter ranks their top three candidates on a 5-3-1 points system. Three finalists are named and the trophy is awarded at the NHL Awards ceremony after the playoffs.
1927–1981.
When introduced, the Vezina Trophy was awarded to the goaltender, or goaltenders, of the team that gave up the fewest goals in regular season play.
1982–present.
The NHL adopted the current criteria for the Vezina Trophy beginning in 1982. The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a new award for the goaltender(s) of the team that surrenders the fewest goals in regular season play.
Notes.
For the 1973–74 season, there was a tie between Tony Esposito of the Chicago Black Hawks and Bernie Parent of the Philadelphia Flyers. It is the only time when two players from two different teams tied.

Coventry_Cathedral
Coventry Cathedral, also known as St. Michael's Cathedral, is an Anglican cathedral. It is located in Coventry, West Midlands, England. The cathedral is the seat of the Bishop of Coventry and the Diocese of Coventry. The Rt Revd Dr. Christopher Cocksworth is the current Bishop of Coventry. He is the 9th Bishop of Coventry.

Saints_(book)
"Saints" (1983) is a historical fiction book that was written by Orson Scott Card. Saints tells about the fictional character named Dinah Kirkham, from Manchester, England, who goes to the United States and becomes one of the multiple wives of Joseph Smith, who is founder of the Latter Day Saint movement.
"Saints" was originally named "Woman Of Destiny", even though Orson Scott Card was against this.

Udanoceratops
Udanoceratops had a very large skull (1.5 times the size of the next largest protoceratopid Montanoceratops) with no nasal horn. It most resembles Leptoceratops but with larger nasal apertures, less teeth in the upper jaw and more in the lower jaw - there are also differences in its teeth and skull bones. It has a mixture of advanced and primitive features and may turn out to be a ceratopsid.

Province_of_Foggia
Foggia is a province in the region of Apulia in Italy.

Cincu_River
The Cincu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Betel_River
The Betel River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

River_Lark
The River Lark is a river in England. It is a tributary of the River Great Ouse. This means that it flows into the Great Ouse River.

British_people
British people, or Britons, are the people who live in Great Britain or citizens of the United Kingdom, of the Isle of Man, one of the Channel Islands, or of one of the British overseas territories.

Uria_River
The Uria River or Pârâul Urii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Borzont_River
The Borzont River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mureş River.

Dromaeosauridae
Dromaeosauridae is a family of bird-like theropod dinosaurs. They were small to medium - sized, feathered carnivores that flourished in the Cretaceous Period. In informal usage they are often called "raptors" (after Velociraptor), a term popularized by the film Jurassic Park.
Dromaeosaurid fossils have been found in North America, Europe, North Africa, Japan, China, Mongolia, Madagascar, Argentina, and Antarctica.

Petroleum_product
Petroleum products are things made in oil refineries. They result from "refining" (changing) crude oil (also called "Petroleum") into more useful products.
In addition, oil-refineries also sell other things that come form the refining process, most notably

Satu_River
The Satu River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania. That means it flows into the Rebra River.

Chizdia_River
The Chizdia River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bega River.

University_of_Michigan
The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor (U of M, U-M, UM or simply Michigan) is a public university in the state of Michigan. The university was started in 1817 in Detroit, about 20 years before the Michigan became a state, and moved to Ann Arbor in 1837. It is the state's oldest university and the main campus; there are two other campuses—the University of Michigan-Flint and the University of Michigan–Dearborn.
The university is known around the world, its students being famous people such as U.S. President Gerald Ford, Supreme Court Justices, as well as many heads of states around the world. It is now ranked 18th in the world by "The Times Higher Education-QS World University Rankings," and 21st by the Shanghai Jiao Tong University Institute for Higher Education rankings. In its last survey in 1995, the National Research Council ranked UM 3rd in the United States and is called one of the first eight Public Ivys. The university also has one of the largest research budgets or spending money of any American university and the largest number of living alumni or former students, at 460,000. UM athletic teams are known as very good, especially in football, men's basketball, and ice hockey.
History.
The University of Michigan was started in Detroit in 1817 as the Catholepistemiad, or University of Michigania, by the governor and judges of Michigan Territory. Ann Arbor had set aside 40 acres (16 ha) that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol, but it gave this land to the university when Lansing was chosen as the state capital. The university moved to Ann Arbor in 1837. The original 40 acres became part of today's Central Campus. The first classes in Ann Arbor were held in 1841, with six freshmen and a sophomore, taught by two professors or teachers. Eleven students graduated in the first class in 1845. By 1866, 1,205 students went to UM. Women were first allowed in 1870, making UM the first major university to allow women to go to school. James B. Angell, was the university's president from 1871 to 1909, made UM's teachings include subjects such as dentistry, architecture, engineering, government, and medicine. UM also became the first American university to teach in the seminar style.
From 1900 to 1920 many new buildings were built on campus, including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, Hill Auditorium, large hospital and library buildings, and two residence halls. The university built up its reputation for research in 1920 by rebuilding the College of Engineering and making a group of 100 industrialists, or businessmen, to help guide research. UM's reputation as a very good national university also began to grow at this time. The university became a favorite other choice for Jewish students from New York in the 1920s and 1930s when the Ivy League schools made a limit to the number of Jews to be admitted. Because of this, UM gained the nickname "Harvard of the West," which became commonly joked about in reverse after John F. Kennedy called himself "a graduate of the Michigan of the East, Harvard University" in a speech.
In World War II, UM's research grew to include U.S. Navy projects like researching proximity fuzes, PT boats, and radar jamming. By 1950, 21,000 students were at UM. As the Cold War and the Space Race started, UM got many government grants for research and helped to create peacetime uses for nuclear energy. Now, much of that work, as well as research into other energy types, is done by the Memorial Phoenix Project.
On October 14, 1960, Presidential candidate John F. Kennedy put out the idea of what became the Peace Corps on the steps of Michigan Union. Lyndon B. Johnson's speech about his Great Society program also occurred at UM. Also during the 1960s, UM saw many protests by student groups. On March 24, 1965, a group of UM faculty members and 3,000 students held the nation's first ever faculty-led "teach-in" to protest against American policy in Southeast Asia. Because of a series of sit-ins in 1966 by "Voice"–the campus political party of Students for a Democratic Society–UM's administration banned sit-ins. This led 1,500 students to have another one-hour sit-in the LSA Building, which then housed the administrative offices. Former UM student and important architect Alden B. Dow designed the current Fleming Administration Building, which was completed in 1968. The building's plans were drawn in the early 1960s, before student activism created a concern for safety. Nevertheless, the Fleming Building's narrow windows, all located above the first floor, and castle-like outside led to a campus rumor that it was made to be riot-proof. Dow denied the rumors, saying the small windows were made to be use less energy.
During the 1970s, large budget limits made it hard on the university's physical development; however, the 1980s saw a surge in money given to research in the social and physical sciences. At that time, the university's work in the anti-missile Strategic Defense Initiative and investments in South Africa caused anger on campus. During the 1980s and 1990s, the university used many resources to help rebuild its large hospital area and improve the academic buildings on the North Campus. The university also made computer and information technology on the campus important.
Academics.
The university has 26,083 undergraduate and 14,959 graduate students in 600 academic programs, and each year about 5,400 new students go to UM. Students come from all 50 U.S. states and more than 100 countries. 98% of the university's class of 2006 had a high school GPA of 3.0 and higher, while the middle 50% of the class had a high school GPA of 3.60 to 3.90. The middle 50% of people applying had an SAT score of about 1920–2180 and an ACT score of 27–31, with AP credit given to over 3000 freshmen students. About 22% of newly undergraduates and 25% of all undergraduates are members of ethnic minority groups.
About 65% of undergraduate students go to the College of Literature, Science, and the Arts (LS&A), while the College of Engineering has about 20%. Less than 3% of undergraduate students go to the Ross School of Business. The rest of the undergraduate students go to the smaller schools, including the School of Kinesiology, School of Nursing, the School of Natural Resources and Environment, and the School of Art and Design. Most graduate students go to the Rackham Graduate School, the College of Engineering, the Law School, the Ross School of Business, and the Medical School. The Medical School works with the University of Michigan Health System, which makes up the University's three hospitals, a lot of the outpatient clinics, and many places for medical care, research, and education. Other academic units are the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy, Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning and the Schools of Dentistry, Education, Information, Music, Theatre & Dance, Natural Resources and Environment, Public Health, and Social Work, of which Social Work has been ranked first by the "U.S. News and World Report" every year since 1994.

Tales_from_Earthsea
"Tales from Earthsea", by Ursula K. Le Guin, written in 2001, is a collection of short stories from Le Guin's Earthsea series.

Devon_Island
Devon Island is one of the bigger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. It is the second-biggest of the Queen Elizabeth Islands, Nunavut, Canada, the 27th biggest island in the world, Canada's 6th biggest island and the biggest island in the world where nobody lives on. Devon Island has an area of. The highest point is the Devon Ice Cap at 6,299 ft/1,920 metres which is part of the Arctic Cordillera. Devon Island has many small mountain ranges, such as the Treuter Mountains, Haddington Range and the Cunningham Mountains.
Devon Island is also notable for having the Haughton impact crater, made some 39 million years ago when a meteorite about 2 km (1.2 mi) in diameter crashed into what were then forests. The impact left a crater about 23 km (14 mi) in diameter, which was a lake for several million years.

Tismana_River
The Tismana River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jiu River.

Shadow_Moses_Island
Shadow Moses Island is an area in Metal Gear Solid and a battlefield in Super Smash Bros. Brawl.

Lisa_River
The Lisa River is a tributary of the Sâmbăta River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sâmbăta River. It starts at the junction of Valea Jelealului and Valea Pleşii

Charles_Colson
Charles (Chuck) Wendell Colson (born October 16, 1931, in Boston, Massachusetts) was the chief counsel for President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1973. Colson is also a public speaker and author.

Fata_River
The Fata River is a tributary of the Frumoasa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Frumoasa River.

Halia_River
The Halia River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Moldova River.

Richmond,_California
Richmond is city in the U.S. State of California. It is a suburb of San Francisco. 103,818 people live in Richmond now.

Indiana_Jones_and_the_Last_Crusade
"Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" is a 1989 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas and starring Harrison Ford in the title role. It co-stars Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Julian Glover, Alison Doody, River Phoenix, and John Rhys-Davies.
Plot.
The movie begins with a young Indiana Jones many years ago. He finds a rare artifact that he thinks belongs to a museum, but some men take it from him. Many years later, Jones is on a boat and yells, "This piece belongs into a museum!" the same thing he said before. This time he manages to get the piece and run away before the other men can take it back.
At Marshall College, where he works, someone tells him that the Nazis are after the Holy Grail.
He and Elsa go into the library, where they find a secret passage underground. They find a tablet, which is an important part of the puzzle. While they are there, some men who want to protect the Grail set the water on fire to try to kill them.

Gârbovul_River
The Gârvovul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jiul de Vest River.

The_Lathe_of_Heaven
"The Lathe of Heaven" is a 1971 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin. The story is about a character whose dreams change the world. It has been made into two television films. The book was put up for a Hugo Award and a Nebula Award, and won the Locus Poll Award for best book in 1972. It was first written in the magazine Amazing Stories.

Pachacuti
Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui (or Pachacutec; Quechua "Pachakutiq", whose name means "He who remakes the world" was the ninth Sapa Inca (1438-1471/1472) of the Kingdom of Cuzco, which he transformed into an empire, Tawantinsuyu. He began the era of conquest that, within three generations, expanded the Inca dominion from the valley of Cuzco to nearly the whole of civilized South America. He was the fourth of the Hanan dynasty, and his wife's name is given as Mama Anawarkhi or Coya Anahurque. Their son was Tupac Inca Yupanqui.
Pachacuti reorganized the new empire, the "Tahuantinsuyu" or "the united four provinces." Under his system, there were four "apos" that each controlled one of four provinces ("suyu").
Despite Pachacuti's political and military talents, he did not improve upon the system of choosing the next Inca. His son became the next Inca without any known dispute, but in future generations the next Inca had to gain control of the empire by winning enough support from the apos, priesthood, and military to either win a civil war or intimidate anyone else from trying to get control of the empire.
Machu Picchu is believed to date to the time of Pachacuti.

Sila_River
The Sila River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lotru River.

Nechizel_River
The Nechizel River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Nechitu River.

Valea_Fetei_River
The Valea Fetei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Prahova River.

Rafnic_River
The Rafnic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania. That means it flows into the Gelug River.

Roata_River
The Roata River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lăpuş River.

Hagiul_River
The Hagiul River is a tributary of the Neagra Şarului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Neagra Şarului River.

Danube_Delta
The Danube Delta ("Delta Dunării" in Romanian, Дельта Дуная in Russian, Дельта Дунаю in Ukrainian) is the second biggest delta in Europe. It is after the Volga Delta in size. It is one of the best preserved deltas on the continent. Most of the Danube Delta can be found in Romania, but the northern part of the delta is in Ukraine.In Ukraine the delta is not as well preserved as in Romania.

Gada_River
The Gada River is a tributary of the Feernic River in Romania. That means it flows into the Feernic River.

Bernie_Parent
Bernard Marcel Parent (born April 3, 1945 in Montreal, Quebec), better known as Bernie Parent, is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.

Cacova_River_(Prahova)
The Cacova River is a tributary of the Prahova River and Protur River in Romania. This means that it flows into both the Prahova River and the Protur River.

Toleasa_River
The Toleasa River is a tributary of the Cucuteni River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cucuteni River.

Zagon_River
The Zagon River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Covasna River.

Fletcher_Christian
Fletcher Christian (September 25, 1764 - 1793) was an English seaman on "HMS Bounty" when it sailed to Tahiti to collect breadfruit trees in 1787. He led a mutiny (take over) to stop Lieutenant William Bligh returning to England. (See Mutiny on the Bounty). He left Bligh and 18 seaman in a small boat, and went back to Tahiti in the "Bounty". Christian and some of the other sailors then sailed to Pitcairn Island to live. Christian was later killed in a fight between the Tahitian men and the seamen.
Early life.
Christian was born in 1764 at the family home of "Moorland Close", near Brigham, Cumbria. He was one of 10 children of Charles Christian and Ann Dixon. He could trace his ancestry back to William the Conqueror. The name Christian is an English way of saying the Manx name "McCrystyn". Fletcher's mother came from Cumberland and he was named after his grandmother, Mary Fletcher. After his father died, Christian went to sea. He was 18 years old. He was a sailor on the ship 'Cambridge'. William Bligh was also on the ship. Christian later sailed on two trips with Bligh to Jamaica on the ship 'Britannia'.
After the mutiny.
After the mutiny, Christian wanted to settle on the island of Tubuai. The sailors were scared of the natives who lived on the island. The sailors went back to Tahiti. Christian married Maimiti, the daughter of one of the chiefs on June 16, 1789. He then left Tahiti with 8 of the mutineers, 13 Tahitian women and six men. They sailed to the remote Pitcairn Island. Sixteen sailors from the Bounty stayed at Tahiti. At Pitcairn they took everything they could from the Bounty. After that Matthew Quintal set it on fire. The sexual imbalance (more men than women) and the slavery of the Tahitian men by the mutineers led to fighting and the deaths of most of the men. Fletcher Christian was killed in the fighting. He had a son with Maimiti, Thursday October Christian.

Apele_Albe_River
The Apele Albe River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Mare River.

Mixosaurus
Mixosaurus was a small, common and cosmopolitan Triassic ichthyosaur. It was only about a meter in length. Fossils are known from Alaska, Canada, China, Timor, Indonesia, Italy, Nevada, New Zealand, Spitsbergen, and Svalbard. Thus it lived in the Tethys Sea but also ventured further afield.
Mixosaurus seems to have been a transitional form between the more primitive eel-shaped icthyosaurs such as Cymbospondylus and the more advanced Shatsasaurs and Euichthyosaurs (the latter including the familar dolphin- or porpoise-shaped icthyosaurs).

Arama_River_(Bistriţa)
The Arama River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bistriţa River.

Archiud_River
The Archiud River is a tributary of the Dipşa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Dipşa River.

Hainish_Cycle
The Hainish Cycle is the setting for a few science fiction books and stories that were written by Ursula K. Le Guin.

Mission_statement
A mission statement tells the purpose of a company or organization. Mission statements are meant to keep members that are already a part of the company or organization part of it, but also to help get new members to join.

Badu_River
The Badu River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania. That means it flows into the Prut River.

Hotari_River
The Hotari River is a tributary of the Soloneţ River in Romania. That means it flows into the Soloneţ River.

Accession_of_Romania_to_the_European_Union
The Accession of Romania to the European Union happened on January 1, 2007. The Treaty of Accession was signed on April 25, 2005 at Luxembourg, Neumünster Abbey. Romania was the first country of Central and Eastern Europe to officially join the European Union.
Membership.
Since 1989, Romania has wanted to be a part of the European Union (EU). and put itself forward to become a member in 1995.
Preparation for membership.
During the 2000s, Romania made changes to her country, such as making her democratic system, human rights acts, freedom of speech acts, economy and law better.

Christology
Christology is a field of study of Christian theology. It asks questions about the nature of Christ. In particular, it looks at how the divine and the human relate to each other.

Braşov_County
Braşov ((); Hungarian: "Brassó") is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Transylvania. The capital of Braşov County is Braşov.
Geography.
Braşov County has an area of 5,363 km².
Divisions.
Braşov County has 4 municipalities, 6 towns and 47 communes.

List_of_NHL_seasons
NHA.
1910 |
1910–11 |
1911–12 |
1912–13 |
1913–14 |
1914–15 |
1915–16 |
1916–17
Seasons started in January and ended in March until the 1910–11 season which was the first to start before the new year.
Early years.
1917–18 |
1918–19 |
1919–20 |
1920–21 |
1921–22 |
1922–23 |
1923–24 |
1924–25 |
1925–26 |
1926–27 |
1927–28 |
1928–29 |
1929–30 |
1930–31 |
1931–32 |
1932–33 |
1933–34 |
1934–35 |
1935–36 |
1936–37 |
1937–38 |
1938–39 |
1939–40 |
1940–41 |
1941–42
Original Six era.
1942–43 |
1943–44 |
1944–45 |
1945–46 |
1946–47 |
1947–48 |
1948–49 |
1949–50 |
1950–51 |
1951–52 |
1952–53 |
1953–54 |
1954–55 |
1955–56 |
1956–57 |
1957–58 |
1958–59 |
1959–60 |
1960–61 |
1961–62 |
1962–63 |
1963–64 |
1964–65 |
1965–66 |
1966–67
Expansion years to present.
1967–68 |
1968–69 |
1969–70 |
1970–71 |
1971–72 |
1972–73 |
1973–74 |
1974–75 |
1975–76 |
1976–77 |
1977–78 |
1978–79 |
1979–80 |
1980–81 |
1981–82 |
1982–83 |
1983–84 |
1984–85 |
1985–86 |
1986–87 |
1987–88 |
1988–89 |
1989–90 |
1990–91 |
1991–92 |
1992–93 |
1993–94 |
1994–95 |
1995–96 |
1996–97 |
1997–98 |
1998–99 |
1999–2000 |
2000–01 |
2001–02 |
2002–03 |
2003–04 |
2004–05 (NHL Lockout) |
2005–06 |
2006–07 |
2007–08 |
2008–09

Cape_Schanck,_Victoria
Cape Schanck is the south end of the Mornington Peninsula, Victoria, Australia. It is a piece of land that separates Port Phillip Bay and Westernport Bay. It is a narrow headland with cliffs 84.7 metres (278 feet) high. It has a lighthouse made from limestone built in 1859. Cape Schanck was named by Lieutenant James Grant in December 1800 after Admiral James Schank.

Dubul_River
The Dubul River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Moldoviţa River.

Lucava_River
The Lucava River or Lucova River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Moldova River.

The_Word_for_World_Is_Forest
"The Word for World Is Forest" is a science fiction book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin in 1976. It is part of the 'Hainish Cycle'.

City_of_Illusions
"City of Illusions" is a 1967 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin in her Hainish Cycle. "City of Illusions" was republished in 1978 with Rocannon's World and Planet of Exile in a set called "Three Hainish Novels" and in 1994 with the same books in "Worlds of Exile and Illusion".

Tinosu_River
The Tinosu River is a tributary of the Nisipitu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Nipisitu River.

Clit_River
The Clit River is a tributary of the Solca River in Romania. That means it flows into the Solca River.

Olbia
Olbia (Sardinian: "Terranoa", Gallurese: "Tarranoa") is a city in the region of Sardinia. Together with Tempio-Pausano it is the capital of the "Province of Olbia-Tempio.

Cagliari
Cagliari (Sardinian: Casteddu) is a city in the region of Sardinia in Italy. It is also the capital of the "Province of Cagliari". About 160,000 people live in and about 500,000 people around Cagliari. Cagliari also has a port.

Egerton_Gospel
The Egerton Gospel is a set of papyri that are now in the British Museum. The papyri have been dated to the second century. The text they contain may have been written 50-100 AD. It is one of the oldest known fragments of any gospel, or any codex. Soon after the British Museum acquired it in the summer of 1934, it was printed in 1935. It is also called the Unknown Gospel, as no ancient source makes reference to it, in addition to being entirely unknown before its publication.

Taurus_mountains
Taurus Mountains (Turkish: "Toros Dağları") are a mountain range in Turkey, from which the Euphrates (Turkish: Fırat) and Tigris (Turkish: Dicle) descend into Syria and Iraq. The Manavgat River comes from its southern slopes.
The mountain range extends along a curve from Lake Eğirdir in the west to the upper reaches of the Euphrates and Tigris in the east. It has many peaks rising above 10,000–12,000 ft (3,000–3,700 m), with the Demirkazık summit in the region known as Aladağlar, at 3,756 meters (12,322 ft.) as the highest point. Another important peak is Medetsiz (3,524 m/11,561 ft) in the Bolkar Dağları section.
This mountain range divides the Mediterranean region of southern Turkey from the central plateau.
Limestone has eroded to form karstic landscapes of waterfalls, underground rivers, and the largest caves of Asia.
At Kestel is a Bronze Age archaeological site where early evidence of tin mining was found.

Nyon_(district)
The District of Nyon is a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The seat of the district is the city of Nyon.

San_Cristóbal_Ecatepec
San Cristóbal Ecatepec (or "Ecatepec de Morelos") is a city in the state of México in Mexico. About 1,700,000 people live there. This makes San Christóbal de Ectatepec the second largest city in Mexico and the largest in the state of México.

William_M._Jennings_Trophy
The William M. Jennings Trophy is an award given each year to "to the goalkeeper(s) having played a minimum of 25 games for the team with the fewest goals scored against it. Winners are selected based on regular-season play." Up until 1981, the Vezina Trophy had been awarded under that definition, but it was later changed and replaced by the Jennings Trophy. Since it began in 1982, it has been awarded at the end of 25 seasons to 27 different players. The most recent winners are Chris Osgood and Dominik Hasek of the Detroit Red Wings, who combined for a league low 183 team goals against.
History.
Until the 1980–81 season, the Vezina Trophy was awarded to the goaltender(s) of the team allowing the fewest number of goals during the regular season. However, it was discovered that this often meant the trophy went to the goaltender of the better team rather than the individual, so they changed it to offer the Vezina to the most outstanding goaltender, as voted by the NHL General Managers. The William M. Jennings Trophy was created as a replacement and is given to the goaltender(s) playing for the team with the fewest goals scored against them.
The Jennings Trophy was donated by the NHL's board of governors and first handed out at the end of the 1981–82 season. It is named for the late William M. Jennings, who was a governor and president of the New York Rangers and who helped build ice hockey in the United States. Normally the lowest number of games a goaltender must play to be eligible for the trophy is 25, but for the lockout shortened 1994–95 season, the lowest was fourteen games.
Five players have won both the Jennings and Vezina Trophy for the same season: Patrick Roy (1988–89 and 1991–92), Ed Belfour (1990–91 and 1992–93), Dominik Hasek (1993–94 and 2000–01), Martin Brodeur (2002–03 and 2003–04) and Miikka Kiprusoff (2005–06). Roy has won the trophy five times, the most of any goaltender. Belfour and Brodeur are tied for second, having each won the trophy four times. It has been won most often by the Montreal Canadiens, on 5 occasions. The New Jersey Devils have won four times, and Buffalo Sabres and Chicago Blackhawks have three wins each.
Notes.
"For the 2002–03 season, there was a tie between Martin Brodeur of the New Jersey Devils and Robert Esche and Roman Cechmanek of the Philadelphia Flyers. This is the only time that there has been a tie between players from different teams."

Royal_Rumble
The Royal Rumble is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event, aired every January by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The show's main event is a Battle Royal-type match, named the Royal Rumble match. The pay-per-view is part of WWE's "Big Four", along with WrestleMania, SummerSlam, and Survivor Series. The Royal Rumble is also one of WWE's more popular pay-per-views.
Since 1993, the winner of the Rumble match has received a title match at that year's WrestleMania.
Match.
The idea behind the Royal Rumble match is credited to Pat Patterson. Before the match begins, the contestants draw spots in the Rumble. The match consists of thirty men, beginning with the two men who chose entry numbers one and two in the ring. At regular timed intervals, usually ninety seconds, one of the remaining 28 wrestlers enters the ring. Participants must eliminate all other opponents, and the winner of the event is the last wrestler remaining after all others have been eliminated.
Similar to a Battle Royal, a wrestler is eliminated when thrown over the top rope, with both feet touching the floor. A referee, who is seated at ringside, must see an elimination in order for it to be valid. A wrestler who is eliminated without a referee noticing may sometimes sneak back into the match. For example, Stone Cold Steve Austin was eliminated during the 1997 event, but he re-entered without the referees' seeing and eventually won the match.A wrestler who leaves the ring without going over the top rope is not eliminated from the match. During the 1999 Rumble match, both Vince McMahon and Steve Austin left the ring, only to return later in the match. In the 1994 match, the last two wrestlers, Bret Hart and Lex Luger were declared co-winners when it was decided that both of their feet touched the floor at the same time. A similar situation occurred in the 2005 match, however the match was restarted after Batista and John Cena eliminated each other at the same time. Batista eliminated Cena afterwards to win the match.
The reward for the 1992 Royal Rumble was the WWF Championship. The tradition of granting a WWE Championship match at WrestleMania started in 1993. Beginning in 2004, the winner had their choice of a World Heavyweight Championship or WWE Championship match at WrestleMania. Due to the revival of the ECW World Championship as a brand championship in mid-2006, the 2007 Rumble added this championship as a choice to the winning wrestler. From 2001 to 2007 the Royal Rumble match winner has gone on to win a World Championship title at WrestleMania. After winning the 2008 match, John Cena became the first to use his championship opportunity at an event other than WrestleMania. He also became the first man since 2000 to win the Royal Rumble match but fail to win the title in his championship opportunity as a result.
Pay-per-view.
The Royal Rumble is a pay-per-view consisting of the Royal Rumble match, championship matches, and various other matches. The first Royal Rumble took place on January 24, 1988 and was broadcast live on the USA Network. The following year, the event became a pay-per-view. It is part of WWE's "classic five" pay-per-views, along with WrestleMania, Survivor Series, SummerSlam, and King of the Ring.
The Royal Rumble match is usually at the top of the card. However, it is not always the case, as the 2006 event had the match in the middle of the pay-per-view.
The first Rumble match featured only twenty men, and it was called the Rumble Royale. It lasted about 33 minutes of the 2-hour broadcast. Today, Rumble matches are much longer, with the longest match, at the 2002 event, lasting over 1 hour and 9 minutes of a 3-hour pay-per-view.
With the brand extension introduced in mid-2002, the 30 entrants from 2003 to 2006 had 15 wrestlers from both the RAW and SmackDown! brands. At first, the winner of the match received a shot at his brand's champion. Starting in 2004, the Rumble winner had the option of challenging either brand's champion. For instance, Chris Benoit switched brands in 2004 and won the World Heavyweight Championship. The 2007 Royal Rumble marked the first year participants from the ECW brand competed along with the RAW and SmackDown! brands. The winner of the Royal Rumble now has the option to challenge for the ECW World Championship as well.
The 2008 Royal Rumble was the first WWE pay-per-view to be aired in HD.
Video box set.
WWE released a full DVD box set called "Royal Rumble: The Complete Anthology", which showcases every Royal Rumble event in its entirety, on March 13, 2007.

1996-97_NHL_season
Regular season.
The Boston Bruins recorded the league's worst record, missing the playoffs for the first time in thirty seasons and ending the longest number of years in a row in the playoffs ever recorded in the history of North American professional sport.
Final standings.
"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points"
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games Played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points"
NHL Awards.
The NHL Awards presentation took place on June 19, 1997.

Jesse_James_(actor)
Jesse James (born September 14, 1989) is an American actor.
Television.
"Veronica Mars" (2007) - J.D. Sansone - "Papa's Cabin"
"Monk" (2004) - Jared Stottlemeyer - "Mr. Monk and the Captain's Wife"
"Family Law" (2002) - Jake Shaw - "Celano v. Foster"
"Chicago Hope" (2000) - Dustin Moss - "Hopes of You"
"Felicity" (2000) - Stephen - "Party Lines"
"Angel" (2000) - Ryan - "I've Got You Under My Skin"
"The Wild Thornberrys" (1999) - Gola - "Chimp Off the Old Block"
"The X-Files" (1999) - poor boy - "The Unnatural"
"ER" (1998) - Wilson Geary - "Good Luck, Ruth Johnson"
"Walker, Texas Ranger" (1997) - Jebb Wilson - "Last of The Breed Part 1 and 2"

Charlie_Gardiner_(ice_hockey)
Charles Robert Gardiner (December 31, 1904 – June 13, 1934) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Black Hawks in the National Hockey League.
Born in Edinburgh, Scotland, Gardiner moved to Winnipeg, Manitoba with his family at age seven. He played junior hockey with the Winnipeg Tigers from 1921 to 1924, and then joined the Selkirk Fishermen senior team for the 1924–25 season. The next year, Gardiner joined the Winnipeg Maroons of the Central Hockey League, which the following season became the American Hockey Association.
He joined the Chicago Black Hawks in 1927 and played there for seven years. Gardiner won the Vezina Trophy in 1932 and 1934. He was a First Team All-Star in 1931, 1932, and 1934. In 1933–34, as captain, he led the Black Hawks to their first Stanley Cup. Sadly, his greatest triumph was short lived, three weeks later he suffered a died in Winnipeg at age 29.
Gardiner was an original member of the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1945. In 1998, he was ranked number 76 on "The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players.

Verehia_River
The Verehia River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania. That means it flows into the Siret River.

2004-05_NHL_lockout
The 2004–05 NHL lockout resulted in the cancellation of what would have been the 88th season of the National Hockey League (NHL). It was the first time the Stanley Cup was not awarded since 1919, and the first time a major professional sports league in North America canceled a complete season because of a labor issue. The lockout lasted 310 days starting September 16 2004, the day after the collective bargaining agreement (CBA) between the NHL and the NHL Players Association (NHLPA) that resolved the 1994–95 lockout expired. The two sides reached an agreement on July 13, 2005, and the lockout ended nine days later on July 22, after both the NHL owners and players ratified the CBA.

University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana-Champaign
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) is a university in the state of Illinois, United States. It is the oldest and largest campus in the University of Illinois system.
The university has 18 Colleges that offer more than 150 programs of study. It is a selective state schools in the United States. Many of its popular undergraduate and graduate programs are ranked high in the US.
History.
The university was established in 1867. It opened for classes on March 2, 1868 with only two faculty members and a small group of students. In 1982, the name of the university was changed to the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Notable alumni and faculty.
Notable people associated with the university have been successful in fields such as science, business, politics, etc. The university has produced many Nobel Prize winners. That is, if you call four "many."
John Bardeen, who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1956 and 1972, worked on the faculty of the university from 1951 to 1991.

Gump_Worsley
Lorne John "Gump" Worsley (May 14, 1929 in Montreal, Quebec – January 26, 2007 in Beloeil, Quebec) was a professional ice hockey goaltender. Born and raised in Montreal, he was given his nickname due to friends deciding he looked like comic-strip character Andy Gump.

Rogatien_Vachon
Rogatien "Rogie" Vachon (b. September 8, 1945 in Palmarolle, Quebec) was a French-Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Montreal Canadiens, Los Angeles Kings, Detroit Red Wings, and Boston Bruins in the National Hockey League.
Vachon shared the 1968 Vezina Trophy with Gump Worsley while with the Canadiens, along with three Stanley Cups. Vachon was traded to the Kings in 1971, where he achieved his greatest individual success. He was added to the NHL's second all-star team in 1975 and 1977.

Zamoru_River
The Zamoru River is a tributary of the Zam River in Romania. That means it flows into the Zam River.

Complex
A complex thing is something which is complicated or difficult to understand. It is the opposite of "simple". Text that is complex, can be made up of lots of simple sentences or phrases put together in a complex way. This makes them harder to understand.

Emigration
Emigration is the act of leaving one's country or area to settle in another.

List_of_Formula_One_Grands_Prix
The following is a complete list of Grands Prix which have been a part of the FIA World Championship since it started in 1950.
At the end of the 2008 season, 803 World Championship Grands Prix will have been held including the Indy 500 which was a part of the World Championship from 1950 until 1960.
Major auto racing events are usually named "Grands Prix", a tradition dating back to the first decade of the 20th Century and the Grand Prix motor racing of the 1920s and 1930s.
Active and past races.
Bold denotes the 18 Grands Prix races active for the 2008 season.

Kobe_Bryant
Kobe Bryant (born) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association.
He has won three championship rings from 2000-2002 with Shaquille O'Neal with Phil Jackson as coach.
He was awarded the season's MVP in the 2007-08 NBA season after leading his team to the 2008 NBA Playoffs as the first seed in the Western Conference.

İzmir
İzmir is a metropol city in the west of Turkey. It has one of the biggest seaports in the Aegean Sea region and all of Turkey. İzmir is a good destination for tourists. Millions of tourists come for beautiful beaches and cultural tours. İn İzmir, there is an ancient Greek city named Ephesus.
İzmir was a candidate in Expo 2015. However, Milan had more support, so İzmir lost.

Cernica_River
The Cernica River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Prahova River.

Pixelization
Pixelization is a way of hiding information from a picture. It is often used to censor pictures or movies that are inappropriate. It is also used to hide someone's face if they do not wish to be seen.

Dany_Heatley
Dany Heatley is a ice hockey player for the Ottawa Senators. Heatley won the Calder Memorial Trophy in 2002. He won the trophy when he was playing for the Atlanta Thrashers. Heatley asked to be traded to Ottawa because of his involvement in a car accident that killed teammate Dan Snyder.

Corrie_ten_Boom
Cornelia Johanna Arnolda ten Boom (or just Corrie ten Boom) (April 15, 1892 – April 15, 1983) was a Dutch Christian Holocaust survivor. She helped many Jews escape the Nazis during World War II. Ten Boom co-wrote her autobiography, "The Hiding Place". It was later made into a movie of the same name. In December of 1967, Ten Boom was given the award of "Righteous Among the Nations" by the State of Israel.

Wordless_Book
A Wordless Book is a Christian evangelistic device. Most believe that it was created by the famous London Baptist preacher Charles Haddon Spurgeon. It is called a "book", as it is usually has pages, but it can also be shown on a single page or banner.
Color themes.
Spurgeon’s concept only contained three colors: “first was black, the second was red, and the third was pure white”

Atlanta_Hawks
The Atlanta Hawks are a team in the National Basketball Association, in Atlanta, Georgia.

Ardealu_River
The Ardealu River is a tributary of the Talna Mică River in Romania. That means it flows into the Talna Mică River.

Graham_Hill
Norman Graham Hill (February 15, 1929 – November 29, 1975) was a British racing driver and two-time Formula One World Champion. He was born in Hampstead, London. His son Damon Hill was also Formula One driver and World Champion.

Damon_Hill
Damon Graham Devereux Hill OBE (born 17 September 1960 in London) is a British former racing driver from England.
He was the 1996 Formula One World Champion. As the son of the late double Formula One world champion Graham Hill, he is the only son of a world champion to win the title. Despite the famous family name, Hill had an uphill struggle to reach the ranks of F1.
Damon Hill came to professional motorsports relatively late: he began racing motorcycles in 1983 at the age of 23. The following year, he won the 350 cc Clubman's cup at Brands Hatch. In 1985, he moved on to four-wheel single-seater racing with Team Van Diemen in the Formula Ford championship, before moving up into the UK Formula 3 championship in 1986. After three seasons in Formula 3, where he won four races, Hill ascended another tier of open-wheel racing by joining Mooncraft in the International Formula 3000 championship, where, although often competitive, he never won a race.
Hill started his Formula One career in 1992 with the then uncompetitive Brabham team. His debut race was at the British Grand Prix where he qualified on the back row. He took the first of his 22 victories at the 1993 Hungarian Grand Prix for the Williams team the following year. In 1994, he won the British Grand Prix, a race his father had never won in his long and successful career. During the mid 1990s, Hill was Michael Schumacher's main rival for the Formula One Driver's Championship, finishing runner-up in the German's 1994 and 1995 title seasons. The two had a series of controversial clashes on and off the track, including the collision at the 1994 Australian Grand Prix that gave Schumacher his first title by a single point. Hill took eight victories and the world championship in 1996. Despite this, Williams decided in mid-1996 not to renew Hill's contract for 1997. He went on to record the Jordan team's first ever win at the 1998 Belgian Grand Prix, and came within a few miles of being the only driver to win a Grand Prix for the Arrows team and their Yamaha engine supplier at the 1997 Hungarian Grand Prix. He retired from the sport at the end of the 1999 season, after 122 races.
In 2006, Hill became president of the British Racing Drivers' Club, succeeding Jackie Stewart.

Neotominae
"Neotominae" is a subfamily of the family Cricetidae. It consists of three tribes, 16 genera, and many species of New World rats and mice. Most of them are found in North America. Among them are the well-known deer mice, white-footed mice, packrats, and grasshopper mice.
Neotomines are related to the other two subfamilies of mice in the New World, Sigmodontinae and Tylomyinae. Many authorities place them all in a single subfamily, Sigmodontinae.

Myomorpha
Suborder Myomorpha has 1,137 species of mouse-like rodents, almost a quarter of all mammals. mice, rats, gerbils, hamsters, lemmings and voles are in the group. They are grouped according to how the jaw looks like and how the molar teeth look like. They are very good at biting and chewing. Myomorphs are found all around the world, except Antartica, in almost all land places. They are usually animals who are more active at night and they are seed-eaters.

Radikal
Radikal is a nationwide newspaper in Turkey.Radikal is a left-wing newspaper.It shares social-democrat ideas.In Sundays it gives an extra called Radikal2.

ERASMUS_programme
The Erasmus Programme is an European Union project which intends to promote the mobility of students and university teachers among EU countries and Turkey, Norway and Switzerland. Its name stands for "European Community Action Scheme for the Mobility of University Students".Its name is also in honor of the humanist Desiderius Erasmus.

Gebze
Gebze is an industrial town in the provience Kocaeli, Turkey. It is the largest industrial area of Kocaeli. There is a project to build the İzmit Bay Bridge to connect Yalova and Gebze.

Fatih_Sultan_Mehmet_Bridge
Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge (also known as Second Bosphorus Bridge) is a bridge between Asia and Europe in Istanbul, Turkey. The bridge spans across the Bosporus strait.

Egon_Krenz
Egon Krenz (born 19 March, 1937) was a politician of the German Democratic Republic. He was a high-ranking member of the Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands. He was the successor to Erich Honecker as leader of East Germany in 1989, for a few weeks. He was sentenced to six and a half years in prison. He was released in 2003.

Dutch_East_Indies
The Dutch East Indies, or Netherlands East Indies, was the Dutch colony that is now modern Indonesia. The main city was Batavia, now called Jakarta.
It was made from the colonies of the Dutch East India Company that came under the control of the Netherlands in 1800. After World War 2, Indonesia declared independence in 1945. After a revolution the Netherlands gave Indonesia sovereignty in December 1949.

WilliamsF1
WilliamsF1, the trading name of Williams Grand Prix Engineering Ltd., is a Formula One (F1) motor racing team and constructor. It was founded and run by Sir Frank Williams and Patrick Head. The team was formed in 1977 after two earlier and, compared with WilliamsF1's achievements, unsuccessful F1 operations, Frank Williams Racing Cars and Walter Wolf Racing. All of WilliamsF1 chassis are called "FW" then a number, the FW being the initials of team owner, Frank Williams.
Williams' first race was the 1978 Argentine Grand Prix, and Switzerland's Clay Regazzoni won Williams' first race at the 1979 British Grand Prix. At the 1997 British Grand Prix, Canadian Jacques Villeneuve won the team's 100th race, making Williams one of only three teams in Formula One, alongside Ferrari and fellow British team McLaren, to win 100 races. Williams won nine Constructor's titles between 1980 and 1997. This stood as a record until Ferrari surpassed it in 2000.
Many famous racing drivers have driven for Williams, including Finland's Keke Rosberg; Britain's Nigel Mansell and Damon Hill; France's Alain Prost and Brazil's Nelson Piquet and Ayrton Senna, and Canada's Jacques Villeneuve, each of whom, with the exception of Senna, have captured one Drivers' title with the team. After Senna died in a Williams car in a crash at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix, Frank Williams, Patrick Head and designer Adrian Newey were all accused of manslaughter. The trial finally closed in 2005, when Williams, Head and Newey were all cleared of any wrongdoing.
Williams have worked with many notable engine manufacturers, most successfully with Renault: Williams won five of their nine constructors' titles with the French company. Along with Ferrari, McLaren, and Renault (formerly Benetton), Williams is one of the "Big Four" teams that have won every constructors' championship since 1979 and every driver's championship since 1984. Williams remains the only one independently owned, as the other three are "factory teams" either setup or bought out by major auto manufacturers.

London_Luton_Airport
London Luton Airport (previously called Luton International Airport) is an international airport located on the edge of the town of Luton, Bedfordshire, England approximately north of London. The airport is 2 miles (3 km) from junction 10a of the M1 motorway. It is the fourth largest airport serving the London area after Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted and is one of London's five international airports along with London City Airport.
In 2007, total passengers at London Luton increased by 5.3% to 9,927,321 making it the fifth busiest airport in the UK. The airport serves as a hub for easyJet, Monarch Airlines, Thomsonfly, Wizz Air, Silverjet and Ryanair. Most of the routes served are within Europe.

Kotli_District
Kotli (Urdu: کوٹلی) is one of the eight districts of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. Kotli is the capital city of the district. Kotli used to be a small town between Mirpur and Muzaffarabad, but has recently grown in size.
Meaning of name.
There are two theories about the origin of the name "Kotli". One is that in ancient times Prince Raja Shahswar Khan built a small house here and called it "Kot", which became "Kotli". Another theory is that the name is derived from the Sanskrit word Kotli which means to reside or to live in. At one time the area was inhabited by the Mangran and Solhan peoples, and was called Kotli Solwhan.
Administration.
The district of Kotli used to be a sub-division of Mirpur District until 1975. Before 1947, it was a part of the Jammu area. The district is bounded by the Indian part of Kashmir in the east, and by Mirpur District in the south and Rawalakot to its north. The district is divided into three tehsils (sub-divisions)
The district covers a total area of 1862 square kilometres. Kotli is now the largest city by population (656,000).
Before the division of Kashmir in 1947, Nakyal was part of Mehndar sub-division of Poonch.

Kupwara_District
Kupwara District is located in Indian Occupied Kashmir, Kashmir, Northern Pakistan.

Latvian_language
Latvian language (), is the official state language of Latvia. It is also called Lettish and Lettisch.

Mazamitla
Mazamitla is a town of the Mexican State of Jalisco.

Nanul_River
The Nanul River is a tributary of the Tigăile River in Romania. That means it flows into the Tigăile River.

Cungrea_River
The Cungrea River or Cungra River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Bradu_River_(Olt)
The Bradu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. This menas that it flows into the Olt River.

Bolovanul_River_(Olt)
The Bolovanul River or Bolovanu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Lupul_River_(Lotru)
The Lupul River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lotru River.

Porcu_River_(Jiu)
The Porcu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jiu River.

Ethiopian_Airlines
Ethiopian Airlines is an airline based in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It is the national airline of Ethiopia, operating scheduled international passenger and freight services to 80 destinations world-wide, as well as domestic services to 28 destinations and passenger and cargo charter flights. Its main hub is Bole International Airport, Addis Ababa.

Java_Man
Java man is the name given to fossils discovered in 1891 at Trinil on the baks of the Bengawan Solo River in Eats Java, Indonesia, one of the first known specimens of Homo erectus. Its discoverer, Eugène Dubois, gave it the scientific name "Pithecanthropus erectus", a name derived from Greek and Latin roots meaning "upright ape-man".

Burushaski
Burushaski (Urdu: بروشسکی - burū́šaskī) is a language isolate spoken by some 87,000 (as of 2000) Burusho people in the Hunza, Nagar, Yasin, and parts of the Gilgit valleys in the Northern Areas, Pakistan. It is also spoken by some 300 speakers in Srinagar, Indian Occupied Kashmir. Other names for the language are Kanjut (Kunjoot), Werchikwār, Boorishki, Brushas (Brushias).
Today Burushaski contains numerous loanwords from Urdu (including English words received via Urdu) and from neighbouring Dardic languages such as Khowar and Shina, as well as a few from Turkic languages and from the neighboring Sino-Tibetan language Balti, but the original vocabulary remains largely intact. The Dardic languages also contain large numbers of loanwords from Burushaski.
There are three dialects, named after the main valleys: Hunza, Nagar, and Yasin (also called Werchikwār). The dialect of Yasin is thought to be the least affected by contact with neighboring languages and is generally less similar to the other two than those are to each other; nevertheless all three dialects are mutually intelligible.

Amaradia_River_(Dolj)
The Amaradia River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jiu River.

Inoasa_River
The Inoasa River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Amaradia River.

Hindko
Hindko (هندکو /Hindkoŭ/), also Hindku, Hinko, or Lahnda, لَیہندا) is an ancient Indo-Aryan language spoken by Hindkowans in Pakistan. The literal meaning of the word "Hindko" is "Mountains of the Indus". The word "Hind" is the Persianised reference to the regions associated with the Indus River immediately to the east of Persia and "Ko" means mountains. The word Hindko has also been interpreted to mean the language of Ancient India. The term is also found in Greek references to the mountainous region in eastern Afghanistan and northern Pakistan as Καύκασος Ινδικός (Caucasus Indicus). The language is spoken in the areas of the North West Frontier Province (including Hazara), Punjab (including Attock), and Azad Kashmir by an estimated 2.2 to 4 million people.This language is very similar to the Mirpuri dialect of Potohari and Hindko and Mirpuri speakers can understand each other very well.
There is no generic name for these people because they belong to diverse ethnicities and tend to identify themselves by the larger families or castes. However the people of the largest group in the districts of Haripur, Abbottabad and Mansehra are sometimes recognised collectively as Hazarawal, named after the defunct Hazara Division that comprised of these districts. In Peshawar city they are referred to as "Kharay" meaning City-dwellers or Hindkowans

RAR
In computing, RAR is a patented archival file format that allows data compression, error recovery, and file spanning. It was created by Eugene Roshal (that is why it is named RR: Roshal ARchive) and is now license to "Win.RAR GmbH".
RAR File Archiver Software.
The following is an example of file archiver software by platforms. For a comprehensive list see Comparison of file archivers

Kabutra
Region Sindh, some concentrations around Umerkot, Kunri, and Nara Dhoro. Speakers say that 90% of the people remain in the Zal area of Marwar, India.
Dialects Speakers report they have inherent intelligibility of Sansi and Sochi, and use Kabutra when speaking to them. Lexical similarity 74% with the Sochi language variety.
Classification Indo-European, Indo-Iranian, Indo-Aryan, Central zone, Western Hindi, Hindustani, Sansi
Language use All ages and sexes speak Urdu for most common topics, some Sindhi. Women speak Urdu better than in most Hindu groups.
Language development Literacy rate in second language: 5% in Urdu.

Kamviri
Population 1,500 to 2,000 in Pakistan plus refugees (1992).
Region Southern Chitral District, Langorbat or Lamerot, Badrugal, and the Urtsun Valley.
Alternate names Kamdeshi, Kamik, Lamertiviri, Shekhani
Language use Some bilingualism in Pashto.
Comments This Shekhani is different from the Kati dialect also called 'Shekhani'. Mountain valley.

Loarki
Region Sindh Province, rural. 500 to 750 in the Republic of India.
Dialects Probably the same as Gade Lohar in Rajasthan, India, a Rajasthani language. Lexical similarity 82% with Jogi, 80% with Marwari.
Classification Indo-European, Indo-Iranian, Indo-Aryan, Central zone, Rajasthani, Marwari
Language use All domains. All ages. All ages and sexes speak Sindhi, the educated or those working outside the community speak Urdu for most common topics.
Language development Literacy rate in second language: 25% boys, some older men, no girls or women in Sindhi, some Urdu.
Comments Alternate names for the people are: Loar, Lohar, Gadlia, Gadolia Rajput, Gadolia Rajput Loar, Karia, Sisudia Rajput, Sisudia Loar. Plains. Desert. Sea level to 100 meters. Craftsmen. Hindu.

Crystal_radio
A crystal radio, sometimes called a crystal set, is a very simple AM radio receiver, that does not need batteries to work. A long wire antenna gathers enough of the radio signals from nearby transmitters to power a crystal diode, which demodulates the signals, and plays them as sound through an earphone or small headset.
Crystal radios have come and gone many times in history. They were built in the early days of radio broadcasting by amateurs, and people who could not afford a well-made radio. They became popular again during the Great Depression, when money was scarce. During World War II, American soldiers built "foxhole radios" that used a razor blade and pencil point instead of a crystal. (German and Italian troops had equipment that could detect normal radio receivers working, so an alternate choice was a wise one.)
After the war ended, amateurs built more crystal sets, and children began to make them as science and hobby projects. Later during the Vietnam War prisoners of war again built simple radios, and soldiers used Slinky springs as antennas.
Hobby clubs still exist, that give information to persons who want to build a crystal radio or similar radio project.

Kuru,_Finland
Kuru is a town in the country of Finland. It is part of the Pirkanmaa region. Tampere is located 50 km to the south.
Most of the Seitseminen National Park is located in the municipality of Kuru. As of 2005, there are 2,774 people living in Kuru.

Captain_(sports)
In team sports, a captain is a title given to the member of the team who has to make choices about strategy and teamwork while a game is happening.
This is most important when a game's rules say that the coach of a team cannot tell the players what they should do while a game is being played.
In some sports, team captains may have to talk with game officials about the way the rules are applied.

Athanasian_Creed
The Athanasian Creed is a Christian statement of faith. It is also often referred to as Quidcumque vult (can be translated as "Whoever wants", the first two words of the statement). It is the first known creed to talk about trinity. It has been in use since the 6th century, mainly in the western part of the Church. It is not used very much today, the Nicene Creed has largely replaced it.
From about the 9th century people thought that St. Athanasius had written it. Athanasus lived in the 4th century in Egypt.
Today, most people think it came from Gaul around the year 500. Its positions are similar to those taken by St. Ambrose of Milan, Augustine of Hippo or Vincent of Lérins. J.N.D. Kelly, a contemporary patristics scholar, believes that St. Vincent of Lérins was not its author, but suggests that it may have come from the same bacground, namely the area of Lerins in southern Gaul. Caesarius of Arles is one of the possible authors.
The oldest surviving manuscripts of the Athanasian creed date from the late 8th century.
Martin Luther said there were three statements of faith, the Nicene Creed ("Credo in unum deum", "I believe in one god.."), the Te Deum ("Te Deum Laudamus...", "Thee, O Lord, we praise"), and the Athanasian Creed.
It explains Trinity, in such a way to stand against positions such as Arianism. It has the filioque.

Zopana_River
The Zopana River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bega River.

Lolaia_River
The Lolaia River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jiul de Est River.

Knoppix
Knoppix, or KNOPPIX, is a Linux distribution based on Debian designed to be started directly from a CD / DVD. Knoppix is one of the best-known LiveDistros. It was developed by Linux consultant Klaus Knopper. When starting a program it is loaded from the optical disc and decompressed into a RAM drive. The decompression is transparent and on-the-fly.
See also.
List of Linux distributions

1991-92_NHL_season
The 1991–92 NHL season was the 75th regular season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-two teams each played 80 games. The Stanley Cup winners were the Pittsburgh Penguins, who won the best of seven series 4–0 against the Chicago Blackhawks. The championship was the second in a row for the Penguins.
Final standings.
"Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals Against"
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; TOI = Time On Ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Throwback Uniforms.
As part of the NHL's 75th anniversary celebration, throwback uniforms were worn by Original Six teams for select games, and throwbacks were also worn for the All-Star Game.
Boston Bruins - circa 1933
Chicago Blackhawks - circa 1940
Detroit Red Wings - circa 1928
Montreal Canadiens - circa 1926
New York Rangers - circa 1940
Toronto Maple Leafs - circa 1940
Wales All-Stars - white All-Star jersey circa 1952
Campbell All-Stars - red All-Star jersey circa 1952
The throwback uniforms would have an impact on future seasons in the NHL, as several teams adopted throwbacks as alternate jerseys. The National Football League and National Basketball Association would follow the NHL's lead, with teams wearing throwbacks to celebrate their leagues' 75th and 50th anniversaries, respectively.

Ciocadia_River
The Ciocadia River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania. That means it flows into the Gilort River.

Te_Deum
The Te Deum is a Christian hymn. Its original text was Latin. It is named after the first few words, "Te Deum laudamus" (We praise thee, O Lord). It was probably written around the 4th or 5th century. Most say that either Augustine of Hippo or Ambrose wrote it. Contemporary scholars say that neither of them did. Many of these people say it was Nicetas, bishop of Remesiana in the late 4th to early 5th centuries. Some scholars have said that the hymn was taken from two (or more) earlier hymns: one to God the Father and another to God the Son. After this idea, the second hymn begins with the phrase "Tu rex gloriae, Christe." The petitions at the end of the hymn (beginning "Salvum fac populum tuum") are from verses from the book of Psalms, added to the original hymn later on.
Te Deum is close in theology to the Apostles' Creed. It has both a poetic view of the heavenly liturgy with a declaration of faith.
"God" is named from the start of the song. The hymn then names all people who praise and respect God, from the hierarchy of heavenly creatures, to Christians hwo are already in heaven, to the Church in all the world.
Te Deum then returns to its creedal formula, singing about Christ and remembering His birth, suffering, and glorification.
Then the hymn stops singing about praise, both the Church in general and the singer himself, and asks for mercy on past sins, protection from future sin, and the hope to be reunited with Christians in Heaven.
Music.
Many people have written music for the text. Such as Bruckner, Verdi, Berlioz, Dvořák, Haydn, Britten, and Mozart, just naming a few. Antonio Vivaldi wrote a setting of the Te Deum (RV 622), but it is now lost. The prelude to Charpentier's setting (H.146 in Hugh Wiley Hitchcock's catalogue) is well-known in Europe because it is used as the theme music for the European Broadcasting Union, most notably the Eurovision Song Contest. Sir William Walton's Coronation Te Deum was written for the coronation of HM Queen Elizabeth II in 1952. Other English have been written, such as the ones by William Byrd, Thomas Tallis, Henry Purcell, three by George Frideric Handel (Utrecht Te Deum, Dettingen Te Deum and Queen's Te Deum) and that of Edward Elgar, his Op. 34. A version by Father Michael Keating is popular in some Charismatic circles. Mark Hayes recently wrote his own version of Te Deum, and British composer John Rutter has composed two, one of them is just titled the traditional "Te Deum," the other "Winchester Te Deum." Igor Stravinsky set the first 12 lines of the text as part of "The Flood" in 1962.

Bazga_River
The Bazga River is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bohotin River.

Seaca_River_(Olt)
The Seaca River or Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Parramatta,_New_South_Wales
Parramatta is a suburb 23 kilometres west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Parramatta sits on the bank of the Parramatta River and is in the middle of the Sydney metropolitan area.

Morelos
Morelos is a state in central Mexico. About 1,600,000 people live in Morelos. Its capital is called Cuernavaca.

Getdeb
Getdeb is an Ubuntu software portal with ready-to-install applications in Ubuntu's default .deb package format. Getdeb.net was created by João Pinto to make it easy for Ubuntu users to install the latest versions of Free/Open Source applications quickly and easily.

DNA_(newspaper)
"Daily News and Analysis" ("DNA") is a English language newspaper published from Mumbai. It was launched on July 30, 2005. DNA is Mumbai's fastest growing newspaper. The newspaper has a liberal outlook.

Dreamlinux
Dreamlinux is a Brazilian Linux distribution based on Debian. It can boot as a live CD, from USB flash drive, or can be installed on a computer's internal hard drive.
The distribution's GUI looks like Apple's Mac OS X, with a toolbar in the center made animated by downloading the "Engage" theme.

Physical_attractiveness
Physical attractiveness means the different physical characteristics that different people consider to be beautiful in other humans. Physical attractiveness can also include sexual attractiveness, ideas about beauty, and physique.
Physical attractiveness means different things to different people and to different human cultures. There is no single definition of physical attractiveness.
In men, physical attractiveness may include slim waist and height. Female physical attractiveness might include youth, waist-hip ratio, mid upper arm circumference, body mass proportion and facial symmetry.

Mogtédo_Department
Mogtédo is a department or commune of Ganzourgou Province in Burkina Faso. Its capital is situated at the town of Méguet. According 1996 estimates, it has a population of 44,668.

1511_Daléra
1511 Daléra (1939 FB) is a Main belt asteroid that was found on March 22, 1939 by Boyer, L at Algiers.

Aisne
Aisne is a department in France. Its prefecture is Laon.

Aude
Aude (Occitan: "Aude") is a department in south-central France named after the Aude River. The local council also calls the department "Cathar Country". It is located in Languedoc-Rousillon. Its prefecture is Carcassonne. Sous-prefectures are in Limuox and Narbonne. France numbers its departements (according to the alphabet mostly). Aude has the number 11.
Today, slighlty over 309.000 people live in the department. The most important econnmic activity is wine growing (called viticulture). There is also some industry, and tourism.
Early forms of habitation.
A skull has been found, named "Homme de Tautavel" (Tautavel Man). It has been found in a cave on the site named Caune de l'Arago, near Tautavel. The fossils date from between 300.000 and 450.000 years ago. They consist of over 80 fragments; the skull found belonged to a man in his twenties. He was about 1.65 m, and weighted around 45-55 kg. Other remains are two mandibles, belonging to a woman in her fifties, and to a man, about 20-25 years old. It looks like they did not know how to use fire yet. It also looks like they might have been cannibals, or that they preferred to scavenge for food, rather than hunt. Some bones of rhinoceros, horses, wild sheep (called Mouflon), Tahrs (resemble wild goats), Muskox (some kind of bovine), deer, and reindeer have been found in the cave. There is an ongoing debate if this hominian is directly related to the Neanderthal - If they aren't they would be Homines erecti (currently they are classified as H. erectus Tautavelensis). If they are direct predecessors of the Neanderthals, they would be Homo heidelbergensis.

Cy_Young_Award
In baseball, the Cy Young Award is an honor given to the best pitcher in the Major League Baseball. The award was first introduced in 1956 by Commissioner Ford Frick in honor of Hall of Fame pitcher Cy Young, who died in 1955. The award was given to the best pitcher in the major leagues. In 1967, the year after Frick retired as Commissioner, the practice began of honoring one pitcher in each league, the American League, and the National League.
Each league's award is voted on by two members of the Baseball Writers Association of America in each league city, meaning 28 ballots are cast for the American League winner, and 32 for the National League. Each places a vote for first, second, and third place among the pitchers of each league. The formula used to calculate the final scores is a weighted sum of the votes: Score = 5F + 3S + T, where "F" is the number of first place votes, "S" is second place votes, and "T" is third place votes. The pitcher with the highest score in each league wins the award. If two pitchers receive the same number of votes, the award is shared between the two.
The current formula started with the 1970 season. Prior to that, writers only voted for the best pitcher and used a formula of one point per vote.

Valea_Mare_River_(Drăgoeşti)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Bedeleu_River
The Bedeleu River is a tributary of the Inzel River in Romania. That means it flows into the Inzel River.

Petal
A petal is the colored parts of a flower. They often bring insects and birds to the flower.

Coweta_County,_Georgia
Coweta County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of 2000, the population was 89,215. The county seat is Newnan, Georgia. It was named for a Creek Indian Tribe that lived in the area.

Law_enforcement
Law enforcement is another way of talking about the work of police officers. Law enforcement can also be the work of soldiers in emergencies.
Police officers work to make sure people keep laws made by politicians and judges.

Pokémon_Red_and_Blue
and, released in Japan as "Pokémon Red" and, are two role-playing games. They were made by Game Freak and published by Nintendo, and are the first two video games in the Pokémon series. They were first released for the Game Boy in Japan in 1996. They were later released to the rest of the world in 1998 (North America) and 1999 (Europe and Australia.) "Pokémon Yellow", a special version, was released one year later in each region. These three games ("Pokémon Red", "Blue", and "Yellow",) and "Pokémon Stadium", make up the first generation of "Pokémon" video game series. "Pokémon Red" and "Blue" have later been remade for the Game Boy Advance into "Pokémon FireRed" and "LeafGreen", released in 2004.
The games are set in the fantasy world of Kanto and follow the adventure of the main character, Red, in his quest to learn Pokémon battling. Both games have almost the same plot, but the player must trade among the two in order to complete the games' Pokédexes. The Kanto Saga of the Pokémon anime is based on the games' plots.
"Pokémon Red" and "Blue" got good reviews, and their releases started the beginning of what would become a multi-billion dollar company, both selling millions of copies around the world.
Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen.
Pokemon FireRed and LeafGreen are for the Game Boy Advance are new versions of Pokemon Red and Blue.

University_of_Manchester
The University of Manchester is a university in Manchester, England. In 2007-08, it had over 40,000 students studying 500 academic programmes, and more than 10,000 staff and an annual income of £637 million. It's the largest single-campus University in the United Kingdom.

Parental_advisory
Parental Advisory is a sticker that tells parents that something may not be suitable for children. The sticker is usually placed on Music CDs. It tells parents that the texts of the songs contain words or phrases that some consider bad for children.

Loc_River_(Madicea)
The Loc River is a tributary of the Madicea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Madicea River.

Porcu_River_(Uria)
The Porcu River is a tributary of the Fericea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Fericea River.

Belinul_Mare_River
The Belinul Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Valea_Mare_River_(Aleu)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Aleu River.

Monsters,_Inc.
"Monsters, Inc." is a 2001 movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios. It was Pixar's fourth computer animated movie. The movie was released to theaters by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States on November 2 2001. It was released in Australia on December 26, 2001 and in the United Kingdom on February 8, 2002.

Mario_Smash_Football
"Mario Smash Football" (called "Super Mario Strikers" in North America) is a 2005 football video game made by Next Level Games and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console. A sequel was made on the Wii called "Mario Strikers Charged Football".

Eddie_Gaegel
Edward Carl "Eddie" Gaedel (June 8, 1925 – June 18, 1961), born in Chicago, Illinois, was an American man who was a midget who became famous for playing in a Major League Baseball game.
Gaedel gained immortality in the second game of a doubleheader on Sunday, August 19, 1951. Weighing just 65 pounds (29.5 kg), and 3 feet 7 inches (1.09 m) tall, he became the shortest player in the history of the major league baseball. He was 3 feet 4 inches (1.02 m) shorter than Jon Rauch, whose height of 6'11" (2.11 m) made him the tallest person to play in a Major League Game. He was secretly signed by the St. Louis Browns, today the Baltimore Orioles, and was put in uniform (complete with elf slippers & the number "⅛" on the back) as a publicity stunt by maverick Browns owner and showman, Bill Veeck.
Gaedel popped out of a papier-mache cake between games of a doubleheader to celebrate the American League's 50th anniversary, and as a Falstaff Brewery promotion. Falstaff, and the fans, had been promised a "festival of surprises" by Veeck. Before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a-cake" appearance had not been up to Veeck's usual plan. Falstaff personnel, who had been promised national publicity for their participation, didn't like the idea. Keeping the surprise, he had in store for the second game to himself, Veeck apologized.
The plate appearance.
Eddie Gaedel entered the game between the Browns and Detroit Tigers as a pinch-hitter for leadoff batter Frank Saucier. Immediately, umpire Ed Hurley called for Browns manager Zack Taylor. Veeck and Taylor had the foresight to have a copy of Gaedel's contract on hand, as well as a copy of the Browns' active roster, which had room for Gaedel's addition.
The contract had been filed late in the day on Friday, August 17. Veeck knew the league office would summarily approve the contract receipt, and that it would not be scrutinized until Monday, August 20. Reading the contract, Hurley motioned for Gaedel to take his place in the batter's box. (As a result of Gaedel's appearance, all contracts must now be approved by the Commissioner of Baseball before a player can appear in a game.) The change to that day's St. Louis Browns scorecard, listing Gaedel, wasn't seen by anybody except Harry Mitauer, a writer for the St. Louis Globe-Democrat. Mitauer's inquiry was shunted aside by the Browns' publicity man.
Eddie Gaedel was under strict orders not to attempt to move the bat off his shoulder. When Gaedel had hinted to Veeck that he might be tempted to swing at a pitch, the owner promised to bring a rifle to the game and shoot him if he tried. Tigers catcher Bob Swift offered his pitcher a piece of strategy: "Keep it low."
With Bob Cain on the mound - laughing at the absurdity that he actually had to pitch to Gaedel - and Swift catching on his knees, Gaedel crouched with bat in hand. Cain delivered four consecutive balls, all high. Gaedel took his base (stopping twice during his trot to bow to the crowd) and was replaced by pinch-runner Jim Delsing. The 18,369 fans gave Gaedel a standing ovation.
Baseball reaction.
Veeck had dearly hoped that Delsing would go on to score in a one-run Browns victory, but he ended up stranded at third base and the Tigers went on to win the game 6-2. American League president Will Harridge, saying Veeck was making a mockery of the game, voided Gaedel's contract the next day. Veeck humorously threatened to request an official ruling on whether Yankees shortstop and reigning MVP Phil Rizzuto was a short ballplayer or a tall midget.
Initially, major league baseball struck Gaedel from its record book, as if he had not been in the game. He was relisted a year later. Eddie Gaedel finished his major league career with an on-base percentage of 1.000. His total earnings as a pro athlete were $100, the scale price for an AGVA appearance. However, he was able to parlay his baseball fame into more than $17,000 by appearing on several television shows.
Later life.
Gaedel's major league career lasted just the one plate appearance, but Veeck continued to employ Gaedel in non-playing promotions over the years: in 1959, Gaedel and three other dwarves dressed as spacemen were seen presenting "ray guns" to White Sox players Nellie Fox and Luis Aparicio at Comiskey Park. (Gaedel reportedly said, "I don't want to be taken to your leader. I've already met him.") In 1961, Veeck hired several dwarves and midgets, including Gaedel, as vendors, so as not to "block the fans' view" of the game.
Some claim that living down the stunt was difficult for Gaedel. Combative in his private life, he later became a heavy drinker and died of a heart attack after being mugged in Chicago in 1961. He was just 36 years old. The only baseball figure to attend the funeral was Bob Cain, the pitcher who had walked him. Said Cain: "I never even met him, but I felt obligated to go."
Gaedel's autograph now sells for more than Babe Ruth's because of what he did. In his autobiography "Veeck as in Wreck," Bill Veeck commemorated Gaedel as "the best darn midget who ever played big-league ball."

Italian_language_in_Croatia
The Italian language is the third most spoken language (after Croatian and Serbian) in the Republic of Croatia today. It is an officially recognized minority language in Istria County (where it is spoken by 7.69% of the population).
Speaker Population.
The 2001 census in Croatia reported 19,636 ethnic Italians in the country (some.44% of the total population). Ethnologue reported 70,000 speakers in 1998: 40,000 ethnic Italians and 30,000 ethnic Croats and Istrian people. Native Italian speakers are largely concentrated along the Adriatic coast. In addition, roughly 120,000 Italian tourists visit Croatia each year, so many in the service and tourist industries have some knowledge of the language.
Historically, the language had a much larger population than it does now. Italians have lived on the Adriatic coast for hundreds of years, and Istria was part of the Kingdom of Italy from 1919 until 1947. However the Istrian exodus after the Second World War and Yugoslavian ethnic cleansing in the form of the Foibe massacres forced the greater part of the Istrian Italians to flee to Italy.
Italian in Use.
Government services are provided in Italian and Croatian in Istria County, including the official government website (which is also available in English). There are four Italian-language schools in Istria: primary schools in Buje (Buie) and Novigrad (Cittanova) and secondary schools in Pula (Pola) and Rovinj (Rovigno).

The_Matrix_Reloaded
The Matrix Reloaded is a 2003 film written and directed by the Wachowski brothers. It is a sequel to "The Matrix" (1999).
Plot.
In this movie, the humans and the machines are at war. The machines have taken over everywhere except for the city of Zion, which is buried 250,000 miles below the surface. In this world, the machines have created the Matrix, which looks like the real world but it is a trick. A few hundred humans have been "unplugged" and see the real reality, which is dark and barren. The humans find out that the machines are digging to invade that area and they want to stop it.
One group of humans, led my Morpheus, believe in something called the prophecy. They believe that The One (a human named Neo) will save the humans. Another group, led by Commander Jason Lock, believes that the prophecy does not make sense and try to defend Zion with ships and humans.
Neo is called to see the Oracle. After he meets the Oracle, he gets into a fight with Smith. Smith is an old friend of his. He used to be an Agent, which meant that he was very powerful. However Neo defeated him at the end of the first film. Smith says that he has new powers. He is able to touch someone and that someone becomes part of him. He and hundreds of these clones try to defeat Neo, but they are not very powerful and Neo beats them.
Smith later touches someone named Bane. Now Smith controls an unplugged human, making him very dangerous. As Bane, Smith tries to kill Neo, but another human named the Kid accidentally stops that from happening when he comes to say goodbye to Neo. Later, the humans line all of their ships together. They hope to trigger their EMPs all at once to stop the machines (the EMP kills all electronics within their radius). Smith/Bane, on one of these ships, triggers the EMP before they are supposed to and ruins the attack.
Neo and his crew try to fulfill the prophecy. They pick up a man named the Keymaker. They must get into a special room within a certain time limit. The power must be cut. The machines, which just beat back the surprise attack, attack one of the ships and the power comes back on. Trinity, Neo's girlfriend, gets into the system and turns off the power again.
Neo meets a man named the Architect. He tells Neo that the prophecy is not true and that the machines will destroy Zion. It is The One's job to let it be destroyed and to pick new people to form a new Zion. The One must also touch the source. Neo learns that Trinity is in trouble and will die. Instead of doing what the Architect tells him, he saves Trinity.
Morpheus is not happy that the war is not over yet. He says that the war should have been over when The One touched the source. Neo tells Morpheus what the Architect said. The machines attack the ship that Morpheus, Trinity, and Neo are on. They escape. Neo uses his powers to disable all the attacking machines, but falls unconscious. Another ship picks them up. The movie ends in the ship hospital room, where Bane and Neo are lying.
Box office.
The response to this film was big. It made $91 million in its first weekend at the box office, beating out the $50 million record set by "Hannibal" (2001) for an R-rated film. Its final total of $281 million in the United States was the highest ever for an R-rated film until "The Passion of the Christ" (2004) beat it with $370 million.

Eiul_River
The Eiul River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Eiul River.

Hyperion_Cantos
The Hyperion Cantos is a series of science fiction books that were written by Dan Simmons.
"Hyperion" received the Hugo Award for best novel in 1990 and "The Fall of Hyperion" was nominated for the Nebula Award for best novel in 1990. Three of the novels received the Locus Award for best science fiction novel: "Hyperion" (1990), "The Fall of Hyperion" (1991) and "The Rise of Endymion" (1998). The author recently said that a movie might be made about the series.

Azerbaijani_language
The Azerbaijani language, also called Azeri, Azari, Azeri Turkic, or Azerbaijani Turkic, is a Turkic language that is spoken in Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran. North Azerbaijani is the official language of the Republic of Azerbaijan. This type is also spoken in Russia's Republic of Dagestan, south-eastern and eastern Georgia, north eastern Turkey and in some parts of Ukraine. South Azerbaijani is the type of Azerbaijani spoken in northwestern Iran.

Olympos_(book)
"Olympos" is a book that was written by Dan Simmons in 2005, and is the sequel to "Ilium" It is a science fiction book that ends the series Olympos. It uses ideas from the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey".

Saschiz_River
The Saschiz River is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Scroafa River.

Pikmin_2
"Pikmin 2" is a real-time strategy video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo GameCube game console. It is the sequel to "Pikmin". It's about Olimar and his friend Louie going back to the planet from "Pikmin" to find treasure to save his boss' company. Olimar and Louie control a hoard of Pikmin and give them commands, which include collecting objects, fighting enemies, and reaching near places.
Setting.
Captain Olimar, the star of the series, and Louie, his friend, have to go back to the planet Hocotate when the President of their company made them go there to find treasure to get the company out of debt. They met with the Pikmin that Olimar met in the first game, and they join forces to find these treasure, trying to battle through monsters and the environment.
Summary.
The Planet Hocotate has many locations types of locations, including a and resembles Earth, but from the perspective of an insect, because Olimar and Louie are actually smaller than a quarter. The levels have many objects from the real world, like a Duracell battery and an RC Cola pop cap. A level in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" is based on this planet.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is mostly the same as "Pikmins. Olimar and Louie control the Pikmin, and they can use them to pick up objects, reach other areas, and fight enemies. Pikmin are plucked out of the ground, and they live in a space ship called an onion when they're not being used. There can be up to 100 different Pikmin out of the onion, and there are five kinds of Pikmin - the first three from Pikmin are the Red Pikmin, Yellow Pikmin, and Blue Pikmin. The Red Pikmin are stronger and can't be burnt, the Yellow Pikmin are lighter, can pick up bombs, and can't be electrocuted, and the Blue Pikmin can swim. "Pikmin 2" adds two new Pikmin - Purple Pikmin and White Pikmin. The Purple Pikmin are the strongest and the heaviest, and the White Pikmin are poison and kill enemies if eaten. These Pikmin can be thrown into the air to reach a higher place, and can be guided to get them all in one spot. One new feature "Pikmin 2" adds is the ability to switch between two leaders - Olimar and Louie.
A big new feature is the Underground, where Olimar, Louie, and their Pikmin go into a pit, which has treasures and powerful creatures in it. The player has to get all the way to the bottom before he or she can get out.
Music.
Music from "Pikmin 2", including the song "Tane no Uta", was used in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".
Reception.
"Pikmin 2" got great reviews, and rates much higher than the original "Pikmin". Many reviewers were glad that Nintendo got rid of the 30-day time limit from "Pikmin", as well as the treasures based on real life objects. Reviewers were split on the Underground areas, some liking the challenge, while others saying it's boring or too hard.

Conjunction
A conjunction is a type of word, or a part of speech, which joins two phrases or clauses together. Examples that are common are: are, but, or, and so on. Conjunctions can make sentences not sound so broken up. They let the words flow together. Conjunctions are commmonly used by people who are better at English, people who are not so familiar with it, stick to sentences that are broken up.

Strike_action
A strike action (or simply a strike) is when a large number of workers stop working in protest. Strikes are usually done by a labor union to get better pay, hours, or working conditions. They became important during the Industrial Revolution, when many worked in factories and mines. In many countries, it is against the law to strike. In other countries, people who strike are protected under certain conditions.
Strikes generally take the form of a picket line. The workers walk in front of where they work, chanting and holding signs. Workers on strike usually do not stop people from crossing the picket line. However, some people will not cross a picket line to buy something from the company. This is a way of showing solidarity (or support) for the union. Most unions will also not cross a picket line and do business with companies on strike. For example, members of the Teamsters, a truck driving union, will not deliver to a business that is on strike.
History.
The first known strike was in the 12th century B.C., in Egypt. Workers under Ramses III stopped working on the Necropolis until they were treated better. The word gets its name from modern times: in 1768, sailors in London "struck" or removed the sails of trade ships at port.
In 1917, the Mexican Constitution was the first to make sure that workers had the right to strike.
Wildcat strike.
A wildcat strike is a strike that is not approved by the labor union. Wildcat strikes are not always protected like union-approved strikes are.
Sympathy strike.
A sympathy strike is a strike that is done to support another group of workers on strike.
Slowdown strike.
A slowdown strike is when the workers are still working, but very slowly. It is usually done when workers are not allowed to have a full strike.
Green ban.
A green ban is a strike that that is done to get the company to adopt more environmentally friendly practices.
Strikes in the law.
Many countries do not allow workers to strike at all, but some allow it under certain conditions.
United States.
In the United States, people who work for the Federal Government are not allowed to strike. Some states, like New York, do not allow people who work for the state government (including teachers) to strike. Railroad and airline workers are not allowed to strike, except under certain conditions.
Strike breaking.
When a strike is called, a government may try to stop it by calling in the police or the military. The threat of force is sometimes enough to get the workers to stop. This happened in the Seattle General Strike of 1919, when over three thousand marines, sailors, and police officers were called into the city by the mayor of Seattle and the Attorney General of Washington.
The owners of a company may also decide to hire new workers. This may cost less than giving into the demands of the workers. This is another way of breaking the strike. These workers, called "scabs" by strikers, are often yelled at as they pass through the picket line. Many unions say that workers who helped break a strike by crossing the picket line are not allowed to be in the union. If the company is a union shop (meaning that only union workers can work there) this means that helping break a strike could get a worker fired from that company forever.

Boyfriend_(disambiguation)
A boyfriend can mean a partner in a romantic relationship in which the two people are not married to each other; an intimate friend who is usually a man; any male friend.

Bernard_Hinault
Bernard Hinault (born 14 November, 1954) is a French cyclist who won the Tour de France five times. He is also one of only four cyclists to have won all three Grand Tours, the Tour de France, the Giro d'Italia, and the Vuelta a España. He is the only cyclist who has won each Grand Tour more than once. He won the Tour de France in 1978, 1979, 1981, 1982 and 1985. He was first in the Giro d'Italia in 1980, 1982 and 1985. He was first in the Vuelta a España in 1978 and 1983. Hinault had the nickname "Le Blaireau" (the Badger). Hinault says this was a local custom with cyclists when he was young. Professional cyclists used the nickname because badgers do not let go of their prey (animals they want to eat) easily. People know him as a very independent and strong man.
Main victories.
Hinault also won the season-long "Super Prestige Pernod International" competition four times from 1979 to 1982, the same as Jacques Anquetil's total.

Alex_Rodriguez
Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez (born July 27, 1975 in New York, New York), also called A-Rod, is a Dominican American baseball player playing as third baseman for the New York Yankees. In the past, he played as shortstop for the Seattle Mariners and Texas Rangers.
He is currently first in runs scored and total bases; second in extra base hits and RBI, and 4th in hits among all players in baseball history since their 31st birthday. Also, Rodriguez has more HR, RBI, runs scored and more base hits than all-time leaders Hank Aaron (RBI), Barry Bonds (HR), Rickey Henderson (runs scored), and Pete Rose (hits) did before their 31st birthdays. He is the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs, breaking the record Jimmie Foxx set in 1939.
He has been said to be the best all-around players currently in baseball.

Webmin
Webmin is a web-based system configuration tool for OpenSolaris, Linux and other Unix-like systems. It can configure many operating system internals, such as users, disk quotas, services, configuration files, as well as modify and control many opensource applications, such as the Apache HTTP Server, PHP and MySQL.
Webmin is largely based on Perl, running as its own process and web server. It defaults to TCP port 10000 for communicating, and can be configured to use SSL if OpenSSL is installed with extra required Perl Modules.

Istria
Istria (Croatian, Slovene: "Istra", Italian: "Istria"), formerly Histria (Latin), is the biggest peninsula in the Adriatic Sea.
Census data.
Source: Croatian Census - 2001. Slovenian Census - 2002. Italian Census - 1970/2001

Portia_tree
The portia tree ("Thespesia populnea") Family Malvaceae, is a small tree or shrub 5-10 (-20) m high that is pantropical in littoral environments, although probably native only to the Old World. In Hawai‘i and elsewhere in the Pacific it is possibly indigenous, although may have been spread by early Polynesians for its useful wood and fiber.
Common names vary according to the country and include "Indian tulip tree", "Pacific rosewood", "seaside mahoe" (in Florida), "surina" (the "elegant tree"), "suriya" (Sinhala), "bebaru" or "baru baru" (Malay), "milo" or "miro" (in many Polynesian languages), "mako‘i" (Rapanui), "gangaraavi" (Telugu), "poovarasu" (Tamil), and "plaksa" (Sanskrit).
Traditionally it was planted in sacred groves and used for religious sculpture throughout eastern Polynesia. It was used for the rongorongo tablets of Easter Island.

Dosu_River
The Dosu River is a tributary of the Muereasca River in Romania. That means it flows into the Muereasca River.

Caravaggio
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio (September 28 1571 – 18 July 1610) was an Italian artist. He was active in Rome, Naples, Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610. He is commonly placed in the Baroque school, of which he was the first great representative.
Even during his lifetime, many people talked about Caravaggio. Some were fascinated by his personality. Others could not really make sense of him. Some thought he was dangerous and rebellious. He did not want to fit in, sometimes. He appeared on the art scene in Rome in 1600. He never lacked for commissions or patrons, yet he handled his success atrociously. A notice on him was published in 1604. It tells about his lifestyle, in 1601: In 1606 he killed a young man in a brawl and fled from Rome with a price on his head. In Malta in 1608 he was involved in another brawl, and yet another in Naples in 1609, possibly a deliberate attempt on his life by unidentified enemies. By the next year, after a career of little more than a decade, he was dead.
Huge new churches and palazzi were being built in Rome in the decades of the late 16th and early 17th centuries, and paintings were needed to fill them. The Counter-Reformation Church searched for authentic religious art with which to counter the threat of Protestantism, and for this task the artificial conventions of Mannerism, which had ruled art for almost a century, no longer seemed adequate. Caravaggio's novelty was a radical naturalism which combined close physical observation with a dramatic, even theatrical, approach to chiaroscuro, the use of light and shadow.
Famous and extremely influential while he lived, Caravaggio was almost entirely forgotten in the centuries after his death, and it was only in the 20th century that his importance to the development of Western art was rediscovered. Yet despite this his influence on the new Baroque style which eventually emerged from the ruins of Mannerism, was profound. Andre Berne-Joffroy, Paul Valéry’s secretary, said of him: "What begins in the work of Caravaggio is, quite simply, modern painting."

Aikido
Aikido is a Japanese martial art developed by the man Morihei Ueshiba in the 20th century. The word Aikido means "the way of joining with life energy". Aikido is a martial art for self-defense by using the attacker's own strength against him and not opposing him with physical strength.

Apulanta
Apulanta is a rock band from Finland. It was started in 1991.
Apulanta's first music album was "Attack of the AL People", which was released in 1994.

Apollo_13
Apollo 13 was the third manned lunar-lander mission, and it was part of NASA's Project Apollo in the United States. Two days after launch, a faulty oxygen tank exploded, and the Service Module became damaged, causing a loss of oxygen and electrical power. Despite the hardships, the crew made it back to Earth. A movie called Apollo 13 was made in 1991 starring Tom Hanks.

Colin_Montgomery
Colin Montgomery OBE (born 23 June 1963) is a professional golfer on the PGA Tour. He is from Scotland.

Hino_Motors
Hino Motors, Ltd. (日野自動車, "Hino Jidōsha",), or just Hino, is a manufacturer of diesel trucks, buses, and other vehicles based in Tokyo, Japan. It is a subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation.

Allele_frequency
Allele frecquencies describe how common a certain allelle is in a certain place on a gene in a population. When looking at a population, allele frequencies can be used to describe genetic diversity in that population.

Hugo_Wolf
Hugo Wolf (born Windischgraz (now Slovenj Gradec, Slovenia) 13 March, 1860; died Vienna, 22 February 1903) was an Austrian composer of Slovene origin. He is famous for his Lieder (German art songs). He found new ways of expressing poetry in music. He used the song forms that had been made by Schubert and Schumann, but his harmonies bring something very new and personal to German song. He was particularly fond of the music of Richard Wagner and his tonal writing is influenced by him. He belongs to the late Romantic period.
Although he wrote other kinds of music besides Lieder, the only other piece of his which is played regularly is his "Italian Serenade".
At times Wolf worked very hard and composed a lot of music. At other times he felt unhappy and had depression. Towards the end of his life he went mad and had to go to an asylum. He died of syphilis.
His name is pronounced “Hoo-go Volf” (rhyming with “golf”).
Early life (1860 – 1887).
The town where Wolf was born is now called Slovenj Gradec in Slovenia, but at that time it was part of the Austrian Empire. He was a child prodigy. When he was four he learned the piano and violin from his father. When he went to school he learned with Sebastian Weixler. Music was the only thing he was interested in at school. He changed schools but still did little work except for music. He went to Vienna to study at the Vienna Conservatory. His father did not want him to become a musician. He was made to leave the Conservatory because he did not obey their rules. Wolf said later that he left because he did not like the old-fashioned teaching.
After eight months with his family, he returned to Vienna to teach music. He had a fiery temper which did not make him an ideal teacher. However, he found some rich people who thought he was a good composer and paid him money so that he could have the time to compose.
One of his rich patrons had a daughter called Vally. Wolf fell in love with her, and he was very depressed when she left him after three years. He did not get on well with his family either. His father thought he was not trying to make a living. Wolf got a job as
second Kapellmeister at Salzburg. However, he was not a good conductor and he soon left that job and went back to Vienna. to teach.
Wolf was fascinated by the music of Wagner. He tried to get Wagner’s attention once, running after his coach and begging Wagner to listen to his music. He was terribly sad when Wagner died. He wrote a song "Zur Ruh, zur Ruh" (“To rest, to rest") which is one of his best early works. He was very depressed because Wagner had gone and he felt that there was no one who could inspire him to compose.
The great composer Franz Liszt became interested in him, and told him he ought to try to compose some longer pieces. He wrote a symphonic poem "Penthesilea". Wolf also became a music critic. He wrote about new pieces of music. He liked the music of Liszt, but hated the music of several other composers such as Anton Rubinstein and Johannes Brahms. He made many enemies because of the harsh things he wrote about them. People called him "Wild Wolf". He composed several works, but could not get them performed. He had been very critical of the famous Rosé Quartet, so they refused to play his music when they were asked.
He stopped writing musical criticism in 1887 and began composing once more. He wrote songs which set poems by Goethe, Joseph von Eichendorff. He wrote an orchestral work called "Italian Serenade" which is one of his best works outside Lieder. Then his father died and he did not compose for the rest of the year.
Maturity (1888 – 1896).
Wolf composed a lot during the years 1888 and 1889. He stayed with some friends outside Vienna and wrote songs using poetry by Mörike. He stayed with other friends and composed music to poems by Eichendorff. Then he wrote 51 Goethe songs, followed by "Spanisches Liederbuch" ("Spanish Song Book"). Wolf soon became very famous. His songs had very good reviews, although not everyone was enthusiastic. Brahms wrote bad things about him because, of course, Wolf had written bad things about Brahms.
By 1891 Wolf had become exhausted. His health became poor and he suffered from syphilis as well as from depression. He composed nothing for several years, although his fame continued to spread. Even Brahms changed his mind a wrote good reviews of his music.
Composers were always expected to write large pieces such as symphonies and operas if they were to be taken seriously. Wagner was given the words for an opera called "Der Corregidor". At first he did not want to use it because the libretto was not good, but then he decided to write the opera. However, although it was performed it never became a success.
Final years (1897 – 1903).
Wolf last appeared at a concert in February 1897. Soon afterwards he went mad and had to be put in an asylum. A lady called Melanie whom he had loved visited him faithfully during his last years until his death on February 22, 1903. However, she felt very bad because she had not been faithful to her husband, and she killed herself in 1906.
Wolf is buried in the Zentralfriedhof (Central Cemetery) in Vienna, together with many other great composers.
Music.
Wolf’s true greatness lies in his Lieder. Although he tried at times to write larger musical works, his real genius lay in writing the smaller forms. He had a great feel for poetry and it is expressed beautifully in many ways: in the late-Romantic harmony which is often very chromatic, in the very original way he writes the piano accompaniments, and in the clever way in which he organizes his songs into groups with connecting themes. His most famous collections are "Mörike-Lieder" (1888), "Eichendorff-Lieder" (1889), "Goethe-Lieder" (1890), "Spanisches Liederbuch" (1891), "Italienisches Liederbuch" (1892, 1896) and "Michelangelo Lieder" (1897).
Wolf wrote hundreds of Lieder, three operas, incidental music, choral music, as well as some rarely-heard orchestral, chamber and piano music. His most famous instrumental piece is the "Italian Serenade" (1887), originally for string quartet and later arranged for orchestra.

Charles_O._Finley
Charles Oscar Finley (February 22 1918 - February 19 1996), nicknamed Charlie O or Charley O, was an American businessman. He was the owner of the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball team.

Keir_Hardie
James Keir Hardie (15 August 1856 - 26 September 1915) was a Scottish socialist and labour leader, and was the first independent labour Member of Parliament (MPs) in the UK Parliament, seven years before the start of the Labour Party.
He worked as a coal miner, but his bosses stopped him from working when he made a union. He became a politician, and was elected to (chosen for) parliament in 1892. At first he was a Liberal, but he was interested in making a working class party. He started the Independent Labour Party in 1893, and what became the modern Labour party in 1900.

Fed_Cup
Fed Cup is the premier team competition in women's tennis, launched in 1963 to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the International Tennis Federation (ITF). The competition was known as the Federation Cup until 1995.

She's_So_Unusual
She's So Unusual is the first solo album by the famous American 1980s pop singer Cyndi Lauper. It was released in 1983. It included the popular single, "Girls Just Want to Have Fun".

List_of_Adventures_in_Odyssey_characters
__NOTOC__
The following is a list of the characters from the "Adventures in Odyssey" radio program.

Bergerac
Bergerac is a city in France. It lies in the Dordogne departement, in Aquitaine. Just over 26.000 people lived there in 1999. This makes it the second biggest city of the departement, only Périgeux is bigger, with about 30.000 people living there.
Bergerac is known for its wines and its tobacco. Despite the similarities in naming there is no connection to Cyrano de Bergerac, a French writer from Paris

OpenDocument
OpenDocument Format (ODF) is a computer file format for word processors, presentation software and other computer programs.
For example, OpenOffice.org is a program that uses ODF to save text, slideshows and spreadsheets.

Brithenig
Brithenig is constructed language that was made up by Andrew Smith from New Zealand in 1996. The idea behind it is the question what the Welsh language would have looked like if it had been a Romance instead of a Celtic language: a sister language to French, Spanish and Italian, but one that looks much like Welsh. It plays a key-role in the made-up world of Ill Bethisad, where Latin took the place of Old Celtic as the spoken language of the people in Great Britain, thus giving way to the development of Brithenig.
Brithenig is the best known example of the so-called group of "alternative languages", languages that could have existed if history had been different. Another well-known example is Wenedyk, which does the same with Polish as Brithenig does with Welsh.

Forensic_science
Forensic science (or forensics) is when different fields of science work together, usually to answer a question of lawyers. Most often, these are related to proving that someone was present at a place where a crime was committed.
Deanna is the lamest person ever because she wants to be a forensic pathologist, which just so happens to be the lamest job in the world.

Tartan
Tartan is a pattern that has criss-crossed horizontal and vertical bands in many different colors.

Charizard
Charizard is a character of the Pokémon anime and video game series. Ash, one of the main characters in the series, has a Charizard. It is a strong, but defiant Pokémon.

Attribute-value_system
An attribute-value system is a basic knowledge representation framework comprising a table with columns designating "attributes" (also known as "properties", "predicates," "features," "dimensions," "characteristics" or "independent variables" depending on the context) and rows designating "objects" (also known as "entities," "instances," "exemplars," "elements" or "dependent variables."). Each table cell therefore designates the value (also known as "state") of a particular attribute of a particular object.
Example of attribute-value system.
Below is a sample attribute-value system. It represents 10 objects (rows) and five features (columns). In this example, the table contains only integer values. In general, an attribute-value system may contain any kind of data, numeric or otherwise. An attribute-value system is distinguished from a simple "feature list" representation in that each feature in an attribute-value system may possess a range of values (e.g., feature formula_1 below, which has domain of), rather than simply being "present" or "absent"

Purik
Region North Occupied Kashmir, Kargil District. Suru Valley is the main population center. It is the dominant group in Suru, a sizeable minority is in Dras Valley, and a minority is in the western Himalayas.
Alternate names Purigskad, Burig, Purig, Purki, Purik Bhotia, Burigskat
Classification Sino-Tibetan, Tibeto-Burman, Himalayish, Tibeto-Kanauri, Tibetic, Tibetan, Western
Language use Dominant language in Kargil District. Level of education and bilingual proficiency in Urdu is low. Uneducated men speak little Urdu. Women tend to speak only Purik.
Language development Persian-Arabic script. NT: 1950.
Comments People are called 'Purig-pa'. 'Purig' means 'of Tibetan origin'. People prefer to be culturally and linguistically identified with Tibet, although religiously with Islam. A Scheduled Tribe in Indo-Occupied Kashmir. Muslim (Shi'a).

Muscovy_duck
Cairina moschata is an Anatide from Mexico. Its common name Muscovy duck comes from commerce with Russia. It is related to Aix, a species of shelduck.

Modern_evolutionary_synthesis
Modern evolutionary synthesis is a theory how life changes over time. It tells how different species adapt to their environment. It is largely based on the theory of evolution by Charles Darwin and the Mendelian laws of inheritance.
The theory in short.
The idea that speciation occurs after populations are reproductively isolated has been much debated. In plants, polyploidy must be included in any view of speciation. Formulations such as 'evolution consists primarily of changes in the frequencies of alleles between one generation and another' were proposed rather later. The traditional view is that developmental biology ('evo-devo') played little part in the synthesis, but an account of Gavin de Beer's work by Gould suggests he may be an exception.
Almost all aspects of the synthesis have been challenged at times, with varying degrees of success. There is no doubt, however, that the synthesis was a great landmark in evolutionary biology. It cleared up many confusions, and was directly responsible for stimulating a great deal of research in the post-WWII era.
References.
ED Zachary "Evidence for Evoluiotn.Introduction." 2008 ACOC.

Mecha
Mecha (also known as meka or mechs) are walking vehicles run by a pilot, often shown in science fiction or fantasy with a futuristic element. Some stories, such as the Manga Patlabor and American miniatures game Battletech, also show mecha doing civilian purposes such as heavy construction work, police topics, or firefighting.

Arch_of_Constantine
The Arch of Constantine (italian: Arco di Costantino) is an arch in Rome, found between the Colosseum and the Palatine Hill. It was built in honour of Constantine I's victory over Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge on October 28, 312. It is the latest of the triumphal arches in Rome.

Lincoln_Cathedral
Lincoln Cathedral (full name: The Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln) is a cathedral in Lincoln, England. It was the tallest building in the world for over 200 years (1300-1549), but the central spire fell down in the sixteenth century and was not rebuilt.

York_Cathedral
York Minster is the biggest Gothic cathedral in northern Europe and is found in the city of York in England.

Love_Street
Love Street is a Scottish football stadium in Paisley, Glasgow. It is owned by St Mirren F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Caledonian_Stadium
Caledonian Stadium is a Scottish football stadium. It is owned by Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. who play their home games at the stadium.

Arantxa_Sánchez_Vicario
Aránzazu (Arantxa) Isabel Maria Sanchez Vicario (born December 18, 1971, in Barcelona, Spain) is a former professional tennis player from Spain. During her career, she won 4 Grand Slam singles titles and 6 Grand Slam doubles titles.

Vertical
An object is in a vertical position when it goes in an "up-down" direction, also perpendicular to the horizon or horizontal plane.
In a Vertical wine tasting different vintages of the same wine type from the same winery are tasted.

Bay_of_Karachi
The Port of Karachi (Urdu: بندر گاہ كراچى) is Pakistan's largest and busiest seaport. It handles about 60% of the nation's cargo (25 million tons per year). The port is located between the towns of Kiamari and Saddar. It is close to the center of old Karachi, the main business district, and several industrial areas. The geographic position of Karachi places the port near major shipping routes such as the Strait of Hormuz. The administration of the port is carried out by the Karachi Port Trust which was created in the nineteenth century.

Weilheim-Schongau
Weilheim-Schongau is a district in south Bavaria, Germany. It is next to the Landsberg, Starnberg, Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, Garmisch-Partenkirchen and Ostallgäu districts.

Temple_Mount
The Temple Mount is the location of the two Jewish Temples. In Judaism it is believed to be the place where Adam was born, where Adam built an altar for God, where Cain and Abel offer there sacrifices, and where Abraham offered Isaac as a sacrifice.

United_States_Army_Air_Force
The United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II. It was the direct precursor to the United States Air Force, established in 1947. At its peak strength in 1944, the USAAF had over 2.4 million men and women in service, nearly 80,000 aircraft and 783 permanent bases, and operated from more than 2,000 airfields worldwide.
The Air Corps became the Army Air Forces in June 1941 to provide the air arm a greater autonomy in which to expand more efficiently, and to provide a structure for the additional command echelons required by a vastly increased force. Although other nations already had separate air forces independent of the army or navy (such as the British Royal Air Force and the German Luftwaffe), the USAAF remained a part of the United States Army.

TD_Canada_Trust
TD Canada Trust is the personal, small business and commercial banking operation of The Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) in Canada. It was created when two banks merged, Toronto Dominion and Canada Trust in 2000.

Bomberman
"Bomberman" is a series of video games that first appeared on the Nintendo Entertainment System and still has many games released to this day.

Daniel_Gonzales_Guiza
Daniel Gonzalez Güiza (born on August 17 1980, Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz) is a Spanish football player.
He started his football career at Xerez CD in 1999. He scored 27 goals and he became a top scorer when he was at Mallorca in 2007/2008 season. He was then transfered to Fenerbahçe. He was called for the first time to Spanish National Football Team in 2008; in Euro 2008 he scored 2 goals.

Hampden_Park
Hampden Park in Glasgow is Scotland's national football stadium. Its primary use is as the home to Queen's Park F.C. and the Scottish national football team. It is also used for pop concerts and other sporting events.
Hampden was built in 1903, though all signs of the original stadium are long gone. It is known throughout the world as an iconic home of football and celebrated its centenary on October 31 2003. The stadium also houses the offices of the Scottish Football Association, SPL and Scottish Football League. During the 2012 Olympics it will also host games during the early stages of the Olympic football tournament. It has also hosted prestigious sporting events such as the finals of the European Cup (now the UEFA Champions League) and the UEFA Cup.
Hampden will be the key stadium of the 2014 Commonwealth Games. It will host the athletics during the tournament, Glasgow having been announced as the host city on 9 November 2007.
The stadium.
The Scottish Cup Final is played at Hampden annually in May, for the honour of lifting the world's oldest national trophy - the Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup, made in 1873. Queen's Park were the first winners, beating Clydesdale F.C. 2-0 in the 1874 final.
Hampden Park hosted the 1960 European Cup final between Real Madrid and Eintracht Frankfurt, where over 130,000 people watched Real Madrid win 7-3. The 1976 final was also held at Hampden, when FC Bayern Munich defeated AS Saint-Etienne. Real Madrid were again victorious when Hampden Park hosted the final of the UEFA Champions League in 2002, defeating Bayer Leverkusen, aided by Zinedine Zidane's legendary "wonder goal". Hampden Park also hosted the 2007 UEFA Cup Final on May 16 when Sevilla defeated Espanyol to retain the trophy. It also held famous wins for the Scotland national football team, such as the 1-0 wins over Netherlands in November 2003, and against France in October 2006. One of the most exciting Scottish Cup Finals in history commenced at Hampden on May 4 2002 as Rangers defeated Celtic 3-2 with a last-minute diving header from Peter Løvenkrands. Diego Maradona made his international debut at Hampden Park and scored.
Other sports.
In American football, the Scottish Claymores of NFL Europe played at the stadium between 1998 and 2004 before decamping to Hamburg to become the Hamburg Sea Devils. The league's championship game, the World Bowl, was held there in 2003. In that game, the Frankfurt Galaxy beat Rhein Fire.
The stadium has also hosted concerts, and in 2000 was the venue for a boxing card headlined by former world champion Mike Tyson. Robbie Williams' concert in September 2006 forced the Scottish national team to play their first Euro 2008 qualifier at Celtic Park instead.
Hampden will host the athletics events at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Glasgow was announced as the host city on 9th November 2007.

Kalamazoo,_Michigan
Kalamazoo is a large city in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the county seat of Kalamazoo County. As of the 2000 census, the city had a total population of 77,145.
Kalamazoo is home to Western Michigan University, Haworth College of Business, and Kalamazoo College.
Sister cities.
The city of Kalamazoo, Michigan has three sister cities.

University_Chancellor
University Chancellor is the name given to the leader of some colleges and universities, especially in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. Sometimes the Chancellor is a famous person who only visits on special occasions like graduation ceremonies. Then the person who makes the important decisions is the Vice-Chancellor.

Pinoy_Idol
"Pinoy Idol" is a popular TV show in the Philippines that lets anyone sing to people watching the show on television while they're being judged. The singers can be anyone between the age of 16 and 29 years. The show is now current programming in GMA Network.
Host and judges.
"Pinoy Idol" also has a host, Raymond Gutierrez.

St._Michael_and_Gudula_Cathedral
St. Michael and Gudula Cathedral is the Cathedral in Brussels. It is named in honour of St. Michael and St. Gudula. The French call it Cathédrale Saints-Michel-et-Gudule. In Dutch it is called Sint-Michiels- en Sint-Goedelekathedraal, usually shortened to "Sint-Goedele". It is the main church of the bishop of Brussels and Mechelen.
There already was a shrine (or chapel) to Saint Michael there in the 8th century. The Cathedral was begun in 1226. Building finished when the belltower (or belfry) was done, at the end of the 15th century. The cathedral is built in Gothic style. As it is the main Church of the Kingom of Belgium, there are often royal ceremonies (marriages, funerals) there.

Kharan_District
Kharan (Urdu: خاران) is a district in the north-west of Balochistan province of Pakistan.

Jaffarabad_District
Jafarabad or Jaffarabad (Urdu: جعفر آباد) district lies in the southeast of the Pakistani province of Balochistan.

Chagai_District
Chagai is the largest district of Pakistan and is located on the north west corner of Balochistan, Pakistan. It forms a triangular border with Afghanistan and Iran.

Zhob_District
Zhob (Urdu: ژوب) is a district in the north west of Balochistan province of Pakistan. Zhob district is a Provincially Administered Tribal Area (PATA). Zhob district is subdivided into three subdistricts: Zhob, Kakkar and Sherani. The population of Zhob district is estimated to be over 500,000 in 2005. Zhob River is used for irrigation in the Zhob district.

Karachi_District
Largest city and chief port of Pakistan, lying on the Arabian Sea, northwest of the Indus River Delta; population (1998 est) 9,269,300; 4 million live in makeshift settlements. It is the capital of Sindh province, and Pakistan's leading centre for commerce, finance, industry, and transport. Its port handles most of the international trade of the country, as well as of the neighbouring landlocked state of Afghanistan. It is also served by a major international airport. Industries include shipbuilding, engineering, chemicals, plastics, and textiles, including the manufacture of cotton and jute. It was the capital of Pakistan 1947-59, when it was replaced by Islamabad.

Masahiro_Sakurai
is a video game developer who used to work for HAL Laboratory. He now leads his own company, Sora. He's most famous for making "Kirby" and "Super Smash Bros."

Keyshia_Cole
Keyshia Miesha Cole (born October 15, 1981) is an African-American R&B singer-songwriter, and record producer known for her soulful voice. She released her platinum selling debut album "The Way It Is" in 2005, and her second album "Just like You" in 2007. She is currently in the process of making a third album entitled "A Different Me" coming out in December 2008.

Ganon
, also known as is a character in the "The Legend of Zelda" video games. He is the most common villain of the series, and often kidnaps Princess Zelda and battles with Link. He has been revived from the dead several times, and has two forms - Ganondorf, his humanoid form, and Ganon, his pig form.

Text_file
A text file is a computer file with an extension of.doc.txt, and many others, depending on the software and hardware you choose. They can be opened and edited with Microsoft Word, Wordpad, Notepad, and other text editors. Text files usually contain plain text and not binary data. Whether it be a story, recipe, or even directions to Grandma's house, you can put it in a text file.
Once the author completes the text file, he can then choose to change the properties of it to become read-only, meaning later viewers/downloaders cannot change the original document. This also comes with the option of password protection.

Sergei_Fedorov
Sergei Viktorovich Fedorov (Russian:Сергей Викторович Фёдоров, "Sergey Viktorovich Fyodorov"; born December 13 1969 in Pskov, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward and occasional defenseman who plays for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League. He gained fame playing for the Detroit Red Wings before tenures with the Anaheim Mighty Ducks and Columbus Blue Jackets.

Lycos
Lycos is a search engine and web portal centered around broadband entertainment content.

Pokémon
is a media franchise that Nintendo owns. The series is based on the concept of catching, collecting, raising, trading, and battling with hundreds of different creatures. This concept was thought of by Satoshi Tajiri, "Pokémons creator. It is represented in many mediums, most notably video games, a still-running anime series, manga, and a trading card game. Although there are 493 different species of Pokémon, the most famous is Pikachu. Other popular ones are Charmander, Bulbasaur, Jigglypuff, and Mewtwo.
Video games.
A number of "Pokémon" video games have been released, all on Nintendo game systems because of The Pokémon Company's loyalty to Nintendo.
Gameplay.
Most of the "Pokémon" video games are based on catching, training, battling, collecting, and trading Pokémon, and the player is a Pokémon trainer who does all these things. There are a number of aspects to the games.
Pokémon themselves.
In the "Pokémon" video games, like the anime, Pokémon are creatures that trainers catch (using Poké Balls), train, battle, collect, and trade with each other. There are 493 of them, and whether or not more will be made is unknown.
Statistics.
Pokémon have six statistics (HP, Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense, and Speed) which all affect how they perform in battles. Statistics can be raised by using items and by training the Pokémon.
Before "Pokémon Gold and Silver" were released, the "Special Attack" and "Special Defense" were combined into one statistic, "Special." This later became too complicated so it was divided into "Special Attack" and "Special Defense."
Pokémon types.
Each Pokémon has either one or two types. Which types it has affect how it performs when it battles other Pokémon of other types. For example, a Fire-type Pokémon will probably lose to a Water-type, but it will probably beat a Grass-type. It could be compared to a game of rock-paper-scissors.
Abilities.
Starting in "Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire", Pokémon have abilities which affect them in various ways.
Legendary Pokémon.
Legendary Pokémon are Pokémon that are especially rare, and there is only one in the game. Examples of legendaries are Articuno, Mewtwo, Mew, Lugia, Groudon, and Dialga. They are hard to catch, but they are stronger than most Pokémon. Players often desire legendaries over regular Pokémon.
Shiny Pokémon.
Shiny Pokémon are Pokémon that are a different color than that Pokémon is normally. An example would be a yellow Bulbasaur (they are usually green.) They are extremely rare; there is only a 1-in-8,192 chance of a random Pokémon being shiny.
Items.
A large number of different items exist. They are used to help the player or their Pokémon.
Poké Balls.
A Poké Ball is a red-and-white sphere that is used to catch Pokémon. Several different forms of it exist, like the Great Ball, the Ultra Ball, and the Master Ball (which can catch any Pokémon.) Each of these are different colours.
Pokémon Gyms.
Pokémon Gyms are buildings where the player faces a Gym Leader, who always uses one of the 17 types of Pokémon. There are also trainers in the gym that the player can battle, and they also use that type.
History of the games.
The first games, released in 1998, were "Pokémon Red and Blue", which unexpectedly became big hits and are still among the best-selling video games of all time. They followed the adventures of the player, a Pokémon trainer who catches, raises, and battles with Pokémon, collects badges from the 8 Gym Leaders, explores all over Kanto (the region), and trades Pokémon with other people who have the game by using the Game Boy's Game Link Cable. Later, a sequel to "Red" and "Blue" was released: "Pokémon Yellow". In this game, the player's character design is similar to Ash Ketchum (from the anime.) Also, instead of the Pokémon given to the player at the start of "Red" and "Blue" (the player can choose Bulbasaur, Charmander, or Squirtle) in "Yellow" the only possible choice is Pikachu, which represents the Pokémon Ash started with in the anime.
When Nintendo realized how popular "Red", "Blue", and "Yellow" had become, they decided to support the production and release of more games. After "Yellow" came "Pokémon Gold and Silver", released in 2000, which had a total of 251 catchable Pokémon, as opposed to only 151 previously. A sequel to the two games was released, "Pokémon Crystal", which had several new features that weren't on "Gold" and "Silver": Pokémon had animated sprites when they came into battle, there was a subplot within the games relating to the different letter shapes of the Pokémon Unown, and there was a new building called the Battle Tower, where players could battle very strong Pokémon to win items and set records. In "Gold" and "Silver", if the player goes to the site of the Battle Tower in "Crystal", the area is filled up by trees. In "Gold", "Silver", and "Crystal", once the player has beaten the Elite Four, they can go to Kanto, the region in "Red", "Blue", and "Yellow".
In 2003, "Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire" were released. They were the first "Pokémon" games on the Game Boy Advance, and this upset many players because they could not trade Pokémon with "Red", "Blue", "Yellow", "Gold", "Silver", or "Crystal". However, there were 135 new Pokémon, bringing the total to 386. There were many new features, like a PokéNav (a new item used for many ingame tasks), many more kinds of Poké Balls, a far bigger region (Hoenn) than in previous games (Kanto and Johto), and a Battle Tower different from the one in "Crystal". Players could also create Secret Bases, small hideouts hidden in trees and rock walls.
In 2004, "Pokémon Colosseum" was released. It was the first "Pokémon" game on the Nintendo GameCube that got any mainstream recognition. It took place in a new region called Orre, and featured a totally different storyline than the "Pokémon" games before it. The player is a member of Team Snagem, an evil corporation who makes Shadow Pokémon (Pokémon whose hearts have been "sealed"). The player leaves Team Snagem and spends the rest of the game defeating them, with the help of a red-haired girl who can detect Shadow Pokémon. (In 2005, a sequel was released: '.)
Later in 2004, "Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen" were released. They did not take place in a new region, and they did not have any new Pokémon. They were simply remakes of "Pokémon Red and Blue", except for a new "extra region" called the Sevii Islands, and a few new features. However, they made it possible for players of "Ruby" and "Sapphire" to get earlier Pokémon in their games. If a person had "Ruby", "Sapphire", "Colosseum", "FireRed", and "LeafGreen" (which many fans of the games did), they could have all 386 Pokémon, which made many players happy.
In 2005, "Pokémon Emerald" was released. It was a sequel to "Ruby" and "Sapphire". It was the first "main" "Pokémon" game since "Crystal" where Pokémon had battle animations instead of static images. There was also a new place called the Battle Frontier where players could go after they beat the Elite Four. It was similar to the Battle Tower in "Crystal", "Ruby", and "Sapphire", except it was eight different facilities, all with different rules. Players earned Battle Points which could be used to buy items for Secret Bases, items for Pokémon, and other things.
In 2007, "Pokémon Diamond and Pearl" were released. They took place in a new region called Sinnoh. They had 107 new Pokémon, which brought the total to 493. Another noticeable difference from the previous games was that "Diamond" and "Pearl" did not capitalize all the letters in names of Pokémon, people, towns, items, and other things that were important to the games. For example, Lugia would appear as "LUGIA" in previous games, but in "Diamond" and "Pearl" it would just say "Lugia." This cleared up a lot of players' confusion, because many thought that a sentence like "LUGIA is found in the WHIRL ISLANDS" looked unusual. A sequel to "Diamond" and "Pearl", "Pokémon Platinum", has been released in Japan, but not the United States yet. It will be released in the United States in early 2009.
Anime.
Not long after "Pokémon Red and Blue" (the first "Pokémon" video games) were released, a "Pokémon" anime was created. It was first broadcast in Japan in late 1995, and in the United States in late 1998. The anime started what has been called "Pokémania", which meant that after the anime came out, it became very popular among children, and many parents assumed it was a fad and no one would care about it in a couple years. However, it was never cancelled, and it is still running, although it is not as popular as in 1998 and 1999.
The anime shows the adventures of Ash Ketchum, a 10-year-old Pokémon trainer who has many adventures, meeting many new people and Pokémon. His most famous Pokémon, and probably "the" most famous Pokémon, is Pikachu.
A number of "Pokémon" films have also been made that relate to the anime. The first one was "Pokémon: The First Movie" (released in 1999) and they are still being made.
Trading card game.
A "Pokémon" trading card game also exists. Players use Pokémon cards to battle each other. There are also live tournaments hosted by Nintendo. The "Pokémon" trading card game is noticeably less complicated than such trading card games as Yu-Gi-Oh! and. Only 60 cards are used in a player's deck, and 6 of these are set aside in a pile called "prize cards." There is also a discard pile. Pokémon's damage is counted by "damage counters" which are placed on the cards.
There are cards designed as various Pokémon, which need "Energy" cards to use attacks. There are also "Trainer" cards, which are used for additional things other than direct Pokémon attacks. Most fans of the series agree that a good deck is made of about 20 "Pokémon" cards, 20 "Energy" cards, and 20 "Trainer" cards.
There is also a special kind of Pokémon in the trading card game called "ex" Pokémon. "ex" Pokémon are stronger than regular ones, but when they are knocked out, the player's opponent draws 2 of their prize cards (with regular Pokémon it is just one.) In the "Diamond and Pearl" trading card game expansion, "ex" was changed to the Pokémon having levels of "lv. X."
Criticism.
The "Pokémon" media franchise, especially the anime, has been often criticized by organizations.
Dennō Senshi Porygon.
An episode of the anime called "Dennō Senshi Porygon" ("Electric Soldier Porygon" in the United States) was first shown in Japan on December 16, 1997. One part of the episode showed quickly flashing red and blue lights. This caused 685 Japanese children to have epileptic seizures. Because of this, the anime went on a 4-month break, and several laws were put in place regarding the flashing lights.
Porygon, one of the main characters in the episode, has not appeared again in the anime ever since "Dennō Senshi Porygon". It has two evolved forms, Porygon2 and Porygon-Z, and neither of them have appeared in the anime at all.
An episode of "The Simpsons" called "Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo" made fun of "Dennō Senshi Porygon". So did an episode of "South Park" called "Chinpokomon".
Jynx.
Jynx, a species of Pokémon, was criticized because it looked like it was using blackface (an old film-making technique that makes white actors look African-American.) This was not an issue in Japan, but it caused a lot of controversy in the United States because of the United States' history of racism.
Ever since then, Jynx has purple skin instead of black skin, and it has only appeared rarely in the anime.

HAL_Laboratory
HAL Laboratory is a video game developer and a second party to Nintendo. They're most famous for "Kirby" and "Super Smash Bros."

Ron_Hextall
Ron Hextall (born May 3, 1964 in Brandon, Manitoba) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender most often associated with the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League. He is the grandson of Hall-of-Famer Bryan Hextall, the son of former NHL player Bryan Hextall Jr. and nephew of former NHL player Dennis Hextall.

List_of_defunct_NHL_teams
This is a list of teams that once played in the National Hockey League but no longer exist. This includes franchises which have moved to different cities. The years of operation only reflect the time in which that team was in the NHL; it does not take into account any time in which the franchise operated in another league (such as the World Hockey Association).
Defunct teams before the Original Six Era
Relocated teams after 1967 expansion

First_class_(aviation)
First class is a luxury travel class on some airliners that exceeds "Business Class", "Premium Economy Class" and "Economy Class". On a passenger jetliner first class refers to a limited number (rarely more than 16) of seats or cabins located in the front of the aircraft which are notable for their comfort, service and privacy. Propeller airliners occasionally have first class in the rear.

List_of_Calgary_Flames_players/A-M
This is a complete list of ice hockey players who have played for the Calgary Flames (A - M) in the National Hockey League (NHL). It includes players that have played at least one regular season or playoff game for the Calgary Flames since the franchise moved to that city. As of the 2007–08 season, 376 different players have worn the Flames jersey since the team moved to Calgary in 1980. The Flames have won the Stanley Cup once, in 1989, while four players have gone on to be elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame, the most recent being Al MacInnis, who was added in 2007.
Goaltenders.
"Note: Stats are updated through to the end of the 2007–08 season"
Skaters.
"Note: Stats are updated through to the end of the 2007–08 season"

Pete_Peeters
Peter H. Peeters (born 1 August, 1957 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender who was one of the NHL's most colourful characters in the 1980s.
Peeters was drafted 135th overall by the Philadelphia Flyers in the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft after playing for the Medicine Hat Tigers of the WCHL. Peeters played in 489 career NHL games, with a record of 246 wins, 155 losses and 51 ties. He also registered 21 shutouts and a 3.08 Goals Against Average. Peeters also played several years for the Washington Capitals.

Lupoaia_River_(Motru)
The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania. That means it flows into the Motru River.

Valea_Blidarului_River
The Valea Blidarului River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania. That means it flows into the Firiza River.

Main_Page/Article_5
Daniela Hantuchová (born April 23, 1983 in Poprad, Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia) is a Slovak professional tennis player. As of 2008, she is ranked as World No. 12 in women's singles tennis and 58th in doubles. In the past, she has ranked as both women's singles and doubles World No. 5. She reached the semi-final of the 2008 Australian Open. She played tennis for Slovakia in an international competition called the Fed Cup, and also in the Olympic Games.
As of June 2008, she has won over $5 million from playing tennis. She is currently working with some coaches who work for the Sanchez-Casal Academy, usually Angel Gimenez and Eduardo Nicolas. Her Women's Tennis Association Tour mentor was Martina Navratilova. Navratilova was her doubles partner for a while in early 2005. Outside tennis, she has modelled clothes and has been in some television advertisements.

Northwest_Division_(NHL)
The NHL's Northwest Division was formed in 1998 as part of the Western Conference due to expansion.

Ruminantia
The biological suborder Ruminantia this majority of the Artiodactyla including sheep, goats, camels, and other forms which have a complex stomach and ruminate their food.

Hy-Vee
Hy-Vee is an employee owned chain of supermarkets in the Midwestern United States.As of January 2008, Hy-Vee runs 197 supermarkets and 26 Drugstores in seven states. Over 100 of its supermarkets are in Iowa, but it also has stores in Illinois, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, and South Dakota. Hy-Vee is known for its longtime advertising slogan, "Where there's a helpful smile in every aisle."
Two-time National Football League MVP Kurt Warner once worked at a Hy-Vee Store in Cedar Falls, Iowa. After he was cut by the Green Bay Packers at age 24, he thought his football career might be over, so he worked there to play for his bills.
Company starting.
The company was started by Charles Hyde and David Vredenburg. They had opened a general store in Beaconsfield, Iowa, in 1930. In 1938, the company changed their name to Hyde & Vredenburg, Inc. Hyde & Vredenburg had 15 stores in Iowa and Missouri at that time. In 1945, Hyde & Vredenburg moved its headquarters from Lamoni to Chariton, Iowa, after buying the Chariton Wholesale Company.
Stores.
Most Hy-Vee stores are full-service supermarkets with bakeries, delicatessens, banks, florists, and pharmacies. To keep pace with Wal-Mart's recent expansion into the gas station business, Hy-Vee has also added gas stations with convenience stores to some of its stores.
HyVee's Largest Store is in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, which has
over of Retail Space in the store. Hy-vee keeps making larger stores, so their largest store changes every 6 months to every year.
Employment.
Hy-Vee Inc. employs over 52,000 people and is the largest employer in the state of Iowa. The company has annual sales of over $5.84 billion. In 2007, Hy-Vee ranked 47th on "Forbes" magazine's annual list of the largest privately owned companies in the United States.

Inverness_Caledonian_Thistle_F.C.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle Football Club is a professional football club based at Caledonian Stadium in Inverness, Scotland. They play in the Scottish Premier League and are currently managed by Craig Brewster.

Baramulla_Tehsil
Baramulla is a town in the Baramulla district in the Kashmir Valley, about 60 km from the disputed territory capital Srinagar (Iqbalabad).

Fantastic_Four_(movie)
"Fantastic Four" is a 2005 superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics comic "Fantastic Four". The movie was released in the United States on July 8, 2005.

Teen_Choice_Awards
The Teen Choice Awards is an awards show presented annually by FOX. The program honors the year's biggest achievements in music, movies, sports, and television, as voted on by teens aged 12-19. The program usually features a high number of celebrities and musical performers. The winners are awarded with lifesize surfboards, fit to the summertime theme. The ceremony has also created spin-off teen awards on YouTube.
Starting in 1999, the "Teen Choice Awards" were presented weeks prior to the televised event up through 2005. Since 2006, the program has been televised live.

Drew_Barrymore
Drew Blyth Barrymore (born February 22, 1975) is an Emmy Award and Golden Globe-nominated American actress and film producer, the youngest member of the Barrymore family of American actors. She began acting when she was eleven months old. Barrymore made her screen debut in "Altered States" in 1980. Following her debut in "Altered States", she starred in her breakout role in "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". She quickly became one of Hollywood's most recognized child actresses going on to establish herself in mainly comic roles.

Creatures_Inc.
is a Japanese video game company. It used to be called Ape, Inc. It's most well-known for the "Pokémon" video game series, trading cards, and toys, as well as the "EarthBound" series while they were Ape, Inc.

Robert_Rodriguez
"Robert Anthony Rodriguez (born June 20 1968) is an American director, writer, producer, cinematographer, editor and musician perhaps best known for making profitable, crowd-pleasing independent and studio films with fairly low budgets and fast schedules by Hollywood standards. He shoots and produces many of his films in Texas and Mexico.

Sperm_Whale
The Sperm Whale ("Physeter catodon") is the largest toothed whale. The Sperm whale has the biggest head of any animal; it can be about 20 feet long (6 m), and is about one-third of the whale's body. Its lower jaw is small and contains its huge, conical teeth (which fit into sockets in the upper jaw).
Diet.
Sperm whales are carnivores (meat-eaters) that mostly hunt giant squid that live on the ocean bottom at great depths. They also eat fish, octopus, and skate.
Echolocation.
Like other toothed whales, the Sperm Whale uses echolocation, a way of sensing in which they emit high-pitched clicks and sense them as they bounce back off objects (like prey). This is crucial in hunting in the dark ocean depths.

Eton,_Berkshire
Eton is a town in Berkshire, England. It is next to the opposite bank of the River Thames to Windsor and is connected to the Windsor Bridge.

Samuel
Samuel was a Jewish prophet in the Old Testament. He is found in 1 Samuel. He anointed Saul as the first king of Israel.

The_Sleeping_Dictionary
"The Sleeping Dictionary" is a 2003 film by Guy Jenkin. It was filmed in Sarawak and is set during the British colonial rule in the 1930s. Jessica Alba and Hugh Dancy were in the film.

Young_Artist_Award
The Young Artist Awards are presented yearly by the Young Artist Foundation. Started in 1980 by Maureen Dragone, they are presented to talented young people in television and movies who might otherwise be overshadowed by their older costars.

Horní_Rápotice
Horní Rápotice is a village in the Pelhřimov District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. About 157 people live there and it has 3.98 km². It was first documented in 1352.

Golden_Rooster_Awards
The Golden Rooster Awards (Chinese: 金雞獎/金鸡奖; pinyin: Jīn Jī Jiăng) is one of the best film awards given in mainland China. It is very good if people get them. The awards are given every year starting in 1981. It is called the Golden Rooster Awards because it was the year of the Rooster in 1981. The people who get the award receive a statuette in the shape of a golden rooster. They are picked by a group of film makers, film experts, and film historians. The awards are given by the China Film Association.

Chaldean_Christians
The Chaldean Christians (also known as Chaldean Assyrians, Chaldo-Assyrians, Assyro-Chaldeans; Neo-Aramaic: ܟܠܕܝܐ "Keldani"), adherents of the Chaldean Catholic Church, form a subset of the Assyrian people. Many Chaldean Catholics refute this as they do not consider themselves to be Assyrians. This is due in part to the Church identity promoted by the Chaldean Catholic Church. However, some religious officials within the Chaldean Church, such as Patriarch Mar Raphael I Bedawid, advocate the Assyrian ethnicity. Chaldeans call themselves "Sūrāyā" (Syrian) in singular and "Sūrāyē" in plural
, which is considered to be a synonym of "Aššūrāye" (Assyrians.) However, most Chaldeans today mistakenly translate the word Suraye as Christians.
They have been settling primarily in Iraq, with smaller communities in Turkey and Iran, for the most part speaking the Chaldean Neo-Aramaic language. A formerly Nestorian denomination, they were reunited with the Roman Catholic Church in 1553. Chaldean Catholic Church was established, its first patriarch was proclaimed patriarch of "Mosul and Athur" (Nineveh and Assyria) on Feb. 20, 1553 by Pope Julius III.
Chaldean Catholics have no direct or absolute lineage with the Neo-Babylonian Empire "Chaldeans", but were designated with the name Chaldean in the 16th century when they reunited with the Catholic Church to distinguish from the adherents of the Assyrian Church of the East.
Also sometimes known as "Chaldean Christians" are the Christians of St. Thomas of India (also called the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church), ethnically Nasrani (speakers of Malayalam).

Trouser
Trousers (or pants in Canada, South Africa and the United States, and sometimes called slacks or breeches (sometimes)) are a kind of clothing worn on the lower part of the body, covering both legs apart (instead with cloth stretching across both as in skirts and dresses). Historically, as for the West, trousers have been the lower-body clothing item for males since the 16th century; by the late 20th century, they had become prevalent for females as well. Trousers are worn at the hips or waist, and may be held up by their own by a belt, or suspenders (braces).

Pontus_(mythology)
In Greek mythology, Pontus (or Pontos, English translation: "sea") was an ancient, pre-Olympian sea-god, son of Gaia, the Earth.

Sobekhotep_VIII
Sobekhotep VIII was a Pharaoh of northern Egypt during the 16th Egyptian dynasty. He was one of the ancient Egyptian kings people have little knowledge about. Historians estimate that Sobekhotep VIII was their sovereign leader for 16 years.
It is most likely that Sobekhotep VIII. was the successor of Djehuti and followed by Neferhotep III.

Patton_(movie)
"Patton" (UK: "Patton: Lust for Glory") is a 1970 movie about United States Army General George S. Patton, and his role in the Second World War. "Patton" starred George C. Scott in the title role, and it was released by 20th Century Fox. The movie became very popular, and won an Academy Award for Best Picture in 1971. A sequel, "The Last Days of Patton", appeared in 1986, also starring Scott.
Beginnings.
Patton's widow was approached not long after her husband died (after an automobile accident), with an offer to make a Hollywood movie about Patton's life and career. His family did not agree right away, and it was many years before they approved a dramatic movie to be made. The movie's screenplay was based on a well-written biography of General Patton, "Patton: Ordeal and Triumph", and "A Soldier's Story", a memoir by General Omar N. Bradley, who served with Patton.
Storyline.
The story covers the time from the American defeat at the Battle of the Kasserine Pass in North Africa during 1943, when Patton was sent to take command, through his victories in Africa and Sicily, his time as a "decoy" before D-Day, The Battle of the Bulge, and his last weeks, after the war was over in 1945.
The movie did not give much time to showing combat and battles, but explained Patton's role in several important battles and campaigns. It also showed his character as a person, as a soldier, and as a leader. Patton made good choices, such as appointing Omar Bradley to assist him, and bad choices, such as striking soldiers physically when they showed fear or cowardice, or giving his personal opinions to the media, when they differed widely from what the Allied commanders expected. The movie showed a mix of both bad and good things about Patton.
Reception.
The movie appeared nearly twenty-five years after Patton died. American attitudes toward war, toward fighting, and toward the military had changed in many ways. The Vietnam War was happening at the same time the movie was made and shown. The older generation, who had fought in World War II or helped out on the home front, tended to support the war and the draft, which made young American men join the Army to fight. Younger people, who did not remember World War II or were born after it ended, were mostly against the war in Vietnam. "Patton" gave older and younger viewers a look back at an American war hero and leader, and it gave them things to think and talk about together.

George_Eliot
Mary Ann (Marian) Evans (22 November 1819 – 22 December 1880), better known by her pen name George Eliot, was an English novelist. She was one of the leading writers of the Victorianera. "Middlemarch" is perhaps her most famous book.

We_Love_Katamari
"We Love Katamari", known in Japan as, is a third-person puzzle-action video game made by Namco for the PlayStation 2 game console. It is the sequel to "Katamari Damacy".

Interception_(football)
An interception or intercept is a move in football that uses a pass (either by foot or hand) being stopped by a player on the other teams. When this is done, the player's team who had caught the ball, would get possession of it. Many leagues use interceptions, some are Canadian and American football football, as well as rugby league, rugby union, Australian rules football and Gaelic football.

Celery
Celery is a type of vegetable, often used in salad.

Freemasonry
Freemasonry is an organization of people who try to help one another in their profession or in their private lives. Freemasonry can be found all over the world in various forms. About 5 million people are freemasons.
Freemasons help one another in times of hardship. They have various rituals which they perform at their meetings. These rituals are kept secret from anyone who is not a freemason. Freemasonry provides social connections for people in various professions.
Freemasonry is only for men. They believe in "brotherly love, relief and truth". The local groups in various countries are known as "lodges". At the head of a group of lodges is a "Grand Lodge". They do work for charities such as running schools for orphaned children. There is a Royal Masonic Hospital which is a home for old members and their families.
The word mason means a man who works with stone. He is also called a "stonemason". Freemasonry grew from the groups (guilds) of stonemasons in the middle ages. These men were building cathedrals and other big buildings. They were called freemasons because they were free, they were not servants who belonged to a rich lord, like many workers were in those days. They often changed jobs and moved about from one town to another. In this way they were different from other craftsmen who often worked in one place and had guilds in one town. The stonemasons tried to keep their skills secret so that only they knew how to do their job. This is probably why secrets are still part of freemasonry.
About 1650 masons' guilds started to let people who were not masons into their guilds. In 1717 the first Grand Lodge of England was formed. It developed into the governing body of Freemasonry in England, now called the United Grand Lodge.
References.
Children's Britannica vol 7 3rd ed 1973, ISBN 0 85229 099 3

Craig_Levein
Craig William Levein (born 22 October 1964 in Dunfermline) is a Scottish former professional footballer and current football manager. Levein currently manages Scottish Premier League club Dundee United where he is also the Director of Football. During his playing career he played for Cowdenbeath F.C., Heart of Midlothian and won 16 caps for the Scotland national team.

Affligem
Affligem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 12169.
It is located at 50° 54 North, 04° 06 East.

Ans
Ans is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007 its population was 27416.
It is located at 50° 39 North, 05° 31 East.

Assesse
Assesse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
In 2007 its population was 6334.
It is located at 50° 22 North, 05° 01 East.

Balen
Balen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 20379.
It is located at 51° 10 North, 05° 10 East.

Bekkevoort
Bekkevoort is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 5926.
It is located at 50° 56 North, 04° 58 East.

Bever
Bever is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 2048.
It is located at 50° 43 North, 03° 56 East.

Boechout
Boechout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 12149.
It is located at 51° 09 North, 04° 29 East.

Boutersem
Boutersem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 7519.
It is located at 50° 50 North, 04° 49 East.

Brunehaut
Brunehaut is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
In 2007 its population was 7712.
It is located at 50° 30 North, 03° 24 East.

Chastre
Chastre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 6819.
It is located at 50° 36 North, 04° 38 East.

Comblain-au-Pont
Comblain-au-Pont is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007 its population was 5366.
It is located at 50° 28 North, 05° 34 East.

Bajaur_Agency
Bajaur (Urdu: باجوڑ) is an Agency (district) of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of Pakistan. Smallest of the agencies in FATA, it has a hilly terrain. The population is according to the 1998 census was 595,227. It borders Afghanistan's Kunar Province.

List_of_NHL_franchise_post-season_appearance_streaks
This is a list of the active and all-time NHL franchise post-season appearance streaks up to and including the 2007–08 NHL season and subsequent 2008 Stanley Cup Playoffs. These lists do not include the canceled 2004–05 NHL season.

School
School is a place (usually a building) where people are taught something. Today in most countries children have to go to school to learn basic things they will need to know in order to live in their following life. These things are taught in subjects. Each subject has its own knowledge to teach. For example: writing, reading, and calculating numbers (maths). Many schools also teach arts such as music and visual art, or humanities, like geography and history, or other languages, commonly English, French or Spanish. In some countries, you can study second, or third languages.
The students get an education in school. Students are children in school. Education is the word for the knowledge which they receive. The adults who teach the students are called teachers. The person who controls the school is a principal. Students sit for exams to test whether they are good enough.
There are many types of schools. The school which gives the highest level education is called a university. In middle school, high school, or university, the students may choose a class or classes. These options are called electives. The first level of school would be a nursery or kindergarten, or playschool. Then children go to primary school, or elementary school. Next, they go to high school, or secondary school. Lastly, they go to college, then finally, university.
Most children start school when they are between 4 and 7 years old. But nowadays more and more children are starting school-like activities at younger ages.

Deinze
Deinze is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 28593.
It is located at 50° 59 North, 03° 31 East.

Dilsen-Stokkem
Dilsen-Stokkem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
In 2007 its population was 19171.
It is located at 51° 02 North, 05° 43 East.

Edegem
Edegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 21616.
It is located at 51° 09 North, 04° 26 East.

Esneux
Esneux is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007 its population was 13073.
It is located at 50° 32 North, 05° 34 East.

Faimes
Faimes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007 its population was 3541.
It is located at 50° 39 North, 05° 15 East.

Floreffe
Floreffe is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
In 2007 its population was 7506.
It is located at 50° 26 North, 04° 45 East.

Gavere
Gavere is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 12179.
It is located at 50° 55 North, 03° 39 East.

Gerpinnes
Gerpinnes is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
In 2007 its population was 12064.
It is located at 50° 20 North, 04° 31 East.

Grobbendonk
Grobbendonk is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 10801.
It is located at 51° 11 North, 04° 44 East.

Hamoir
Hamoir is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007 its population was 3616.
It is located at 50° 25 North, 05° 32 East.

Hélécine
Hélécine is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 3109.
It is located at 50° 45 North, 04° 59 East.

Herselt
Herselt is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 13929.
It is located at 51° 03 North, 04° 52 East.

Holsbeek
Holsbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 9395.
It is located at 50° 55 North, 04° 45 East.

Hove
Hove is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 8298.
It is located at 51° 09 North, 04° 28 East.

Izegem
Izegem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 26486.
It is located at 50° 55 North, 03° 12 East.

Kapelle-op-den-Bos
Kapelle-op-den-Bos is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 8916.
It is located at 51° 00 North, 04° 21 East.

Koekelare
Koekelare is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 8325.
It is located at 51° 05 North, 02° 58 East.

Kruibeke
Kruibeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 15328.
It is located at 51° 10 North, 04° 18 East.

Landen
Landen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 14876.
It is located at 50° 45 North, 05° 04 East.

Lens_(Belgium)
Lens is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
In 2007 its population was 4042.
It is located at 50° 33 North, 03° 54 East.

Karyotype
A Karyotype is an image of an animal's chromosomes. It can show genetic disease, what sex the animal is and it's diploid number.
In humans, molecular biologists have used karyotypes to help with the Human Genome Project and help identify any genetic abnormalities a baby might have before it's born.

Lo-Reninge
Lo-Reninge is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 3317.
It is located at 50° 58 North, 02° 45 East.

Lummen
Lummen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
In 2007 its population was 13803.
It is located at 50° 59 North, 05° 11 East.

Marche-en-Famenne
Marche-en-Famenne is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
In 2007 its population was 17066.
It is located at 50° 13 North, 05° 20 East.

Merbes-le-Château
Merbes-le-Château is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
In 2007 its population was 4141.
It is located at 50° 19 North, 04° 09 East.

Moerbeke
Moerbeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 5904.
It is located at 51° 10 North, 03° 56 East.

Nandrin
Nandrin is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007 its population was 5651.
It is located at 50° 30 North, 05° 25 East.

Nijlen
Nijlen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 20978.
It is located at 51° 09 North, 04° 40 East.

Opglabbeek
Opglabbeek is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
In 2007 its population was 9718.
It is located at 51° 02 North, 05° 35 East.

Ouffet
Ouffet is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007 its population was 2551.
It is located at 50° 26 North, 05° 28 East.

Péruwelz
Péruwelz is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
In 2007 its population was 16826.
It is located at 50° 30 North, 03° 35 East.

Quaregnon
Quaregnon is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
In 2007 its population was 18640.
It is located at 50° 26 North, 03° 52 East.

Retie
Retie is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 10485.
It is located at 51° 16 North, 05° 05 East.
The town is near the Dutch boarder and is in fact closer to the city of Eindhoven than Antwerp.
The official language of the area is Dutch, but many people especially in the hospitality industry speak English and French.
Services are basic in Retie, some banks have branches including ING and AXA. Supermarket shopping is available. Bakeries in Retie are very good. Like most of Belgium the shops are generally closed on Sunday.
The Gemeente (local council) offical website (in Dutch) is http://www.retie.be/
Things to do in and around Retie
There is a pretty town hall in the centre of the town, but unlike many Belgian towns it is not organised around a town squre (well it is now just a large intersection) and therefore does not have the quaint village feel as many other small towns in this part of Belgium (for example Lommel, Mol).
The main attraction of the town is Prinsenpark - a public forest that is popular with families and walking/jogging groups. Dogs on leads are allowed. There are picnic tables and toilets.
http://www.provant.be/vrije_tijd/domeinen/prinsenpark/

Ruiselede
Ruiselede is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 5139.
It is located at 51° 02 North, 03° 23 East.

Sambreville
Sambreville is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
In 2007 its population was 26997.
It is located at 50° 26 North, 04° 38 East.

Sint-Amands
Sint-Amands is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 7819.
It is located at 51° 03 North, 04° 12 East.

Sint-Martens-Latem
Sint-Martens-Latem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 8256.
It is located at 51° 01 North, 03° 38 East.

Spa
Spa is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007 its population was 10472.
It is located at 50° 29 North, 05° 52 East.

Temse
Temse is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 26667.
It is located at 51° 07 North, 04° 12 East.

Tienen
Tienen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 32083.
It is located at 50° 48 North, 04° 56 East.

Turnhout
Turnhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 39863.
It is located at 51° 19 North, 04° 56 East.

Viroinval
Viroinval is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Namur.
In 2007 its population was 5747.
It is located at 50° 04 North, 04° 32 East.

Waasmunster
Waasmunster is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 10329.
It is located at 51° 06 North, 04° 05 East.

Watermaal-Bosvoorde
Watermaal-Bosvoorde is a municipality located in the Belgian Brussels-Capital Region.
In 2007 its population was 24121.
It is located at 50° 48 North, 04° 24 East.

Wezembeek-Oppem
Wezembeek-Oppem is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
In 2007 its population was 13496.
It is located at 50° 50 North, 04° 29 East.

Zandhoven
Zandhoven is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp.
In 2007 its population was 12262.
It is located at 51° 12 North, 04° 39 East.

Zonnebeke
Zonnebeke is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
In 2007 its population was 11908.
It is located at 50° 52 North, 02° 59 East.

Mast-Allah
A Mast-Allah (usually just called a mast or must) is a kind of spiritual person in the part of the Muslim religion called Sufism. Masts sometimes seem strange or crazy to people who don't know about them, but Sufis of Iran, Pakistan, and India believe they are not really crazy but are saints.
The Indian teacher Meher Baba had one of his men, a doctor, write a book about masts called "The Wayfarers." Wayfarer means wanderer, and the book's title implied that masts are on a spiritual journey. Meher Baba wrote the introduction of the book. In his introduction Meher Baba explained that masts are traveling along an internal path and are lost because they are so dazzled (amazed) by the sights they see. They are so amazed and dazzled by these sights they see that they forget how to act normally. So Meher Baba says they are like people who are drunk, only the masts are not drunk on alcohol but on God and are very close to God.

Birmal_Tehsil
Bermal (alternatively Birmal) is a community in Paktika Province, Afghanistan, near the border with North Waziristan, one of Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas.

Badin
Badin (Urdu: بدین) is a town located in Sindh, Pakistan east of the Indus River. The region is swampy, fertile for growing rice. Some oil exists in the region. Badin is capital of Badin District.

Bhakkar_Tehsil
Bhakkar (Urdu: بھکر, Seraiki Bakhar: بکھر) is the city principle city of Bhakkar District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at 31°37'60N 71°4'0E at an elevation of 159 metres and lies on the left bank of the Indus river. It has a population of almost 300,000 and was given status of district in 1981.

Taunsa_Tehsil
Taunsa Sharif or Taunsa is a Tehsil (subdivision) of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The town of Tounsa Shareef is the headquarters of the tehsil.

Mirpur_Mathelo
Mirpur Mathelo is a town in Ghotki District, Sindh province, Pakistan. The city is the capital of Mirpur Mathelo Taluka and is administratively subdivided into two Union Councils. It is located at 28°1'60N 69°32'60E

Hafizabad_Tehsil
Hafizabad is a city and tehsil of Hafizabad District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is situated in 32° 4′ N. and 73° 41′ E..

Takht-e-Nasrati_Tehsil
Takht-e-Nasarati is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Karak District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. The town of Takht-e-Nasrati is the headquarters of the tehsil.

Kohlu_Tehsil
Kohlu (Urdu: کوہلو) is a town in Kohlu District in Balochistan, Pakistan.

Lodhran_Tehsil
Lodhran is the chief city of Lodhran District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 29°31'60N 71°37'60E and lies on the northern side of River Sutlej.
Administration.
As well as being district capital, Lodhran is the administrative centre of Lodhran tehsil, which is subdivided into 28 Union Councils of Pakistan.
Infrastructure.
Lodhran Tehsil, has a total of 325 schools, 9 colleges, 30 hospitals, 10 police stations, 11 railway stations, 52 post offices, one radio station and 20 banks.

Isakhel_Tehsil
Isakhel Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Isakhel is the headquarters of the tehsil which is administratively subdivided into 14 Union Councils of Pakistan

Shahkot_Tehsil
Shahkot is a Tehsil of Nankana Sahib District, Pakistan.

Mailsi_Tehsil
Mailsi Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Vehari District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 31 Union Councils of Pakitan, two of which form the tehsil capital Mailsi.

Pulwama_Tehsil
Pulwama is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama District in the Kashmir
It is an area of Kashmir that is rich in agriculture.

Kallar_Syedan_Tehsil
Kallar Syedan is a tehsil (an administrative subdivision) of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

Don_Edwards
Don Edwards (born September 28, 1955 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada) was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played ten seasons in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres, Calgary Flames, and Toronto Maple Leafs. He won the Vezina Trophy along with Bob Sauve in 1980. He played in the 1980 and 1982 All-Star Games and backed up Mike Liut in the 1981 Canada Cup.
On February 24, 1982, Edwards was a part of history as he gave up Wayne Gretzky's 77th goal of the 1981-82 NHL season in a game vs. the Edmonton Oilers at Buffalo Memorial Auditorium. Gretzky broke Phil Esposito's former single season record of 76 goals and finished the year with 92, which still stands as an NHL record.

Sargodha_Tehsil
Sargodha Tehsil is an administrative subdivision of Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, the tehsil is subdivided into 62 Union Councils - 22 of which form the city of Sargodha

Lehri_Tehsil
Lehri is town and Union Council of Sibi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.

List_of_2008_movies
Below is a list of movies released in 2008, ordered by release date.

Jim_Jeffries
Jim Jefferies (born November 22, 1950 in Musselburgh, East Lothian) is the Scottish football manager of Scottish Premier League team Kilmarnock F.C..

East_Flanders
East Flanders (Oost-Vlaanderen in Dutch, "Flandre orientale" in French) is a province of Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium. It borders (clockwise from the North) on the Netherlands and in Belgium on the provinces of Antwerp, Flemish Brabant (both in Flanders), of Hainaut (Wallonia) and of West Flanders (Flanders). It has an area of 2,991 km² which is divided into six administrative districts ("arrondissementen" in Dutch) containing 65 municipalities. The provincial population is 1,389,199 and the capital is Ghent.

Washington_(disambiguation)
Counties named Washington.
Washington County is the name of 30 counties and one parish in the United States of America, all named for George Washington. It is the most common county name in the United States.

Newington,_London
Newington is an area in the London Borough of Southwark in London, England.

Big_Brother_UK_2008
Big Brother UK 2008 is the 9th series of Big Brother UK. New rules have been put in place since the last series and this one has been branded "Zero Tolerance" (meaning that no bad behaviour will be accepted). So far, there have been 20 housemates. Four of them have been evicted and two have been removed from the house for rule-breaking.

Amendment
An amendment is a formal or official change made to a law, contract, constitution, or other legal document. It is based on the verb to amend, which means to change. Amendments can add, remove, or update parts of these agreements. They are often used when it is better to change the document than to write a new one.
Contracts.
Contracts are often amended when the market changes. For example, a contract to deliver something to a customer once a month can be amended if the customer wants it delivered once a week. Usually, everyone involved in the contract must agree to the amendment before it goes into effect. Most contracts are written with rules about amendments, like if they are allowed, who must agree to them, and when they go into effect.
Constitutions.
Constitutions are often amended when people change their minds about what the government should do. Some of the most famous constitutional amendments are the First Amendment to the United States Constitution which added the freedom of speech, religion, press, and protest, and the Third Amendment to the Constitution of Ireland, which let Ireland join the European Union. Constitutional amendments usually must be approved by both the parliament or legislature and a referendum - a vote by all citizens in a country.
Motion.
In parliamentary procedure, the way that many meetings are run, an amendment is a type of motion - a proposal or formal suggestion to do something. Amendments can remove words, add words, or change words from motions. Usually, any motion can be amended, even other amendments. However, an amendment to an amendment of an amendment is often not allowed.

Constant_Lievens
Constant Lievens (April 11, 1856, in Moorslede, Belgium – November 7, 1893, in Leuven, Belgium) is a Belgian (Flemish) Jesuit priest, Missionary among the tribal peoples of India. He is regarded as the apostle of the Chotanagpur (Jharkhand and Chattisgarh states in central India).

Avogadro's_number
Avogadro's constant (symbols: "L", "NA", also known as Avogadro's number) is a number used in chemistry. The number is equal to the number of atoms in 12 grams of the carbon isotope Carbon-12. This number is about formula_1. The number is used to count atoms or molecules in any substance. It was named after the Italian scientist Amedeo Avogadro.

The_Jungle_Book_(1967_movie)
"The Jungle Book" is a 1967 animated movie. It was released on October 18, 1967. The 19th animated feature in the Disney animated features canon, it was the last to be produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production. It was inspired by the stories about the feral child Mowgli from the book of the same name by Rudyard Kipling. The movie remains one of Disney's most popular, and contained a number of classic songs, including "The Bare Necessities" and "I Wan'na Be Like You". Most of the songs are by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman. The movie was directed by Wolfgang Reitherman; his son, Bruce Reitherman, provided Mowgli's voice.
The Story.
The Jungle Book, based on the adaptation of Rudyard Kiplings classic novel, is a song-filled adventure that was the last animated movie to receive Walt Disneys personal touch. It is the story of a boy, Mowgli, as he makes his way to the man-village with Bagheera, a wise panther. Along the way he meets jazzy King Louie, the hypnotic snake Kaa and the lovable, happy-go-lucky bear Baloo, who teaches Mowgli The Bare Necessities of life and the true meaning of friendship.
"Releases".
"The Jungle Book" is available on VHS in Mexico on October 31, 1987 was complete in the Spanish language version. "The Jungle Book" was released on VHS in 1991 in the Walt Disney Classics collection and was re-released in 1997 as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection for the movie's 30th anniversary. A Limited Issue DVD was released by Buena Vista Home Entertainment in 1999. The movie was released once again as a 2-disc Platinum Edition DVD on October 2, 2007 to commemorate its 40th anniversary. The Platinum Edition presents the movie for the first time in 1.75:1 widescreen aspect ratio. This is the first Disney release titled "Platinum edition" in the UK instead of "Special Edition".
Crew members.
Longtime Disney collaborator Terry Gilkyson was brought in to write the songs for the movie. Gilkyson delivered several complete songs, but Walt Disney felt that his efforts were too dark and "too Kipling". The Sherman Brothers were brought in to do a complete rewrite, on the condition that they not read Rudyard Kipling's book. The only piece of Gilkyson's work which survived to the final movie was his upbeat tune "The Bare Necessities".
The song "Trust in Me" is based upon a song entitled "Land of Sand" which had been written by the Sherman Brothers for, but not used in, "Mary Poppins".
Part of "Bare Necessities" was remixed for the theme song of its short-lived 1990s TV spin-off, "Jungle Cubs".
In the scene where Bagheera and Mowgli believe that Baloo is dead as well as Bagheera funerals Baloo, Paul J. Smith's organ score from Walt Disney's first movie "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" is heard from the scene where the 7 Dwarfs mourn Snow White on her bed before she is put into the glass coffin.
Songs.
On ', this includes "Colonel Hathi's March" on the red disc, "The Bare Necessities" on the blue disc, "I Wanna Be Like You" and "Trust in Me" on the green disc, "That's What Friends Are For" on the purple disc, and "My Own Home" on the orange disc.
On "Disney's Greatest Hits", this includes "I Wanna Be Like You" on the blue disc and "The Bare Necessities" on the green disc.
Deleted Songs.
All of the below songs were the original songs by Terry Gilkyson.
Viewers learn on the movie's commentary that Shere Kahn's extremely low bass line at the end of "That's What Friends Are For" was actually supplied by Thurl Ravenscroft of The Mellomen; George Sanders, while Richard M. Sherman says is a very good singer, was unavailable for the recording that day. It is actually Bill Lee who does Shere Khan's line of the song at the end.
Differences Between the Mowgli Stories and the Movie.
None of these stories could have been in the movie for the focus was on the Mowgli stories. The original Jungle Book screenplay by Disney Legend Bill Peet was a lot darker than the final movie. His movie also included another character from the original story, Buldeo the Hunter. But because Walt Disney disagreed on how the story should go, Peet left the studio on his birthday. This can all be seen on disk 2 of The Jungle Book Platinum Edition.

Fill_(music)
A fill in popular music is a short instrumental passage, between melody lines of a song. (A longer passage between verses is called a solo.)
Fills are usually played with a keyboard instrument or a guitar, but other instruments (such as a saxophone) may also be used. Drum fills are sometimes called "drum rolls", but a roll is actually a steady beat on a single drum, while a fill may use more than one drum or beat.

Lucy_(Australopithecus)
Lucy (also given a second (Amharic) name: "dinqineš", or “Dinkenesh,” meaning “You are beautiful” or "you are wonderful") is the common name of AL 288-1, the 40% complete "Australopithecus afarensis" skeleton discovered on November 24, 1974 by the International Afar Research Expedition (IARE; director: Maurice Taieb, co-directors: Donald Johanson and Yves Coppens) in the Awash Valley of Ethiopia's Afar Depression. Lucy is estimated to have lived 3.2 million years ago.

Live_Free_or_Die_Hard
"Live Free or Die Hard" (called "Die Hard 4.0" outside of North America) is an action movie starring Bruce Willis and Justin Long.
Plot.
The movie starts with John McClane trying to talk to his daughter Lucy. He pulls her boyfriend out of the car. An angry Lucy goes up to her apartment. Afterwards, the police call McClane and ask him to pick up a kid named Matt Farrell. However, when McClane goes down there, mercenaries attack the two. McClane manages to fight them off and gets Farrell into the car.
Day breaks in Washington D.C. The villain, Thomas Gabriel, launches his plan. He takes control over all of the things that help run the country, like traffic lights and transportation systems. He shuts down the FBI building and calls in an anthrax alert. He makes the lights go green and red very fast so that cars crash into each other. McClane and Farrell get out and walk to the FBI trailer outside. Farrell realizes that this is a "fire sale" – where everything being taken over by these hackers and it is called a fire sale because "everything must go."
McClane and Farrell then head to Middleton, Virginia, because some systems, like electricity, cannot be taken fully over with computers. However, Mai (Gabriel's girlfriend) is already at the plant and has taken over it. McClane attacks her and throws her to the ground and tells Farrell to put the system back up. Mai gets up and kicks him out of the building. McClane uses a car and rams her and they fight inside an elevator shaft. It ends when the car falls with Mai inside.
Farrell and McClane send a picture of Gabriel to the FBI, where they say that Gabriel was hired by them. Gabriel wanted tighter security, but they said no and fired him. Gabriel contacts the Middleton plant to ask what happened. He gets very angry when McClane tells him that Mai is dead and tells his hackers to send all the natural gas they can to the Middleton plant. He also finds Lucy and kidnaps her. The plant blows up and knocks all the power out in the nearby area.
McClane and Farrell take a helicopter to Baltimore, Maryland to meet another computer hacker who calls himself The Warlock. He finds out where Gabriel is – at the Social Security Administration building in Woodlawn. Before the government fired him, Gabriel had made a system; when there was a computer attack, all financial data would be downloaded into the computers there. One of Gabriel's men went down there and starts downloading the data early on in the movie.
Both McClane and Farrell head down there. Gabriel takes Farrell and escapes with the data before McClane can reach him. McClane gets into the truck behind Gabriel's car. Gabriel calls in a jet fighter to attack McClane. During the fight, the highway is destroyed, but McClane manages to jump off and slide to safety, while the pilot ejects from the plane.
He then fights Gabriel inside a warehouse. McClane is shot and he loses his gun. Gabriel puts him in an arm lock and orders his man to shoot Lucy. McClane presses the gun into his shoulder and fires, injuring himself but killing Gabriel. Farrell wildly fires his gun to kill the man that is holding Lucy. The movie ends with the FBI swarming the area and taking Farrell and McClane to the hospital.

Mega_Man_Star_Force
"Mega Man Star Force", known in Japan as, is an action role-playing video game made by Capcom for the Nintendo DS game console. It has three versions - "Pegasus", "Leo", and "Dragon". It has a sequel called "Mega Man Star Force 2".

Red-necked_Wallaby
The Red-necked Wallaby ("Macropus rufogriseus") is a medium-sized macropod, common in parts of eastern Australia. As one of the largest wallabies, it looks like a kangaroo. Males can weigh more than 20 kg and have a head-body length of 90 cm.
Red-necked Wallabies have a black nose and paws, white stripe on the upper lip, and a medium grey coat with a red color on their neck.
Red-necked Wallabies are found along the coast and forests of eastern Australia, from Rockhampton, Queensland to the South Australian border; in Tasmania and on many of the Bass Strait islands (many of these may have been introduced to the islands).
In Tasmania, north-east New South Wales and coastal Queensland, their numbers have got bigger over the past 30 years. This is because they are no longer hunted. A lot of forest has been cleared for grass where wallabies can feed at night, alongside trees where they can shelter by day. It is less common in Victoria.
Like most macropods, the Red-necked Wallaby lives by itself. Groups, also called mobs, share feeding areas. They feed at night and in the late afternoon, generally eating grass and herbs close to forest shelter.
There are two subspecies. The Tasmanian form, "Macropus rufogriseus rufogriseus", also called Bennett's Wallaby is smaller, has longer fur, and breeds in the late summer, mostly between February and April. They can live close to people and are seen feeding on lawns in the suburbs of Hobart and other towns.
The mainland form, "Macropus rufogriseus banksianus", breeds all year round. A female can have babies at the about 14 months old. A baby red-necked wallaby, called a joey, lives in the mothers pouch for 9 months, and continues to feed from the mother till about 12-15 months of age.

Sara_Gilbert
Sara Gilbert (born Sara Rebecca Abeles on January 29, 1975 in Santa Monica, California) is an American actress most famous for being Darlene Conner in Roseanne. She is a vegetarian, and she's been in a lesbian relationship with Allison Adler since 2002. They have a son born in 2004, and a daughter born in 2007.

Remastersys
Uses.
The resulting iso can also be installed on a USB pendrive, creating a Live USB distro, using either a command-line approach or a graphical tool such as UNetbootin.
It has a command line version and a GUI version. It currently works with Ubuntu, and possibly more Ubuntu-based distributions.
The latest version of Ubuntu (8.04) is already supported

Stuttering
Stuttering or Stammering is a problem some people have when they speak. People who have it involutarlily repeat certain parts of words, or they prolong certain parts. Most often, stuttering is not a problem of producing speech (physically). It is also not linked to intelligence. It is usually a disorder linked to the development of children.
There are certain drugs that can treat it, but most often, a therapy is done. This therapy aims at changing the speech pattern by different means.

Fly-by-wire
Mechanical and hydro-mechanical flight control systems are heavy and require careful routing of flight control cables through the aircraft using systems of pulleys, cranks, wires and, with hydraulically-assisted controls, hydraulic pipes. Both systems often require redundant backup to cater for failures, which again increases weight. Furthermore, both have limited ability to compensate for changing aerodynamic conditions. Dangerous characteristics such as stalling, spinning and Pilot-induced oscillation (PIO), which depend mainly on the stability and structure of the aircraft concerned rather than the control system itself, can still occur with these systems.
By using electrical control circuits combined with computers, designers can save weight, improve reliability, and use the computers to mitigate the undesirable characteristics mentioned above. Advanced modern fly-by-wire systems are also used to control otherwise unstable fighter aircraft.
The words "Fly-by-Wire" imply an electrically-signalled only control system. However, the term is generally used in the sense of computer-configured controls, where a computer system is interposed between the operator and the final control actuators or surfaces. This modifies the manual inputs of the pilot in accordance with control parameters. These are carefully developed and validated in order to produce maximum operational effect without compromising safety.
Electronic fly-by-wire systems can respond flexibly to changing aerodynamic conditions, by tailoring flight control surface movements so that aircraft response to control inputs is appropriate to flight conditions. Electronic systems require less maintenance, whereas mechanical and hydraulic systems require lubrication, tension adjustments, leak checks, fluid changes, etc. Furthermore, putting circuitry between pilot and aircraft can enhance safety; for example the control system can try to prevent a stall, or it can stop the pilot from over stressing the airframe.
A fly-by-wire system actually replaces manual control of the aircraft with an electronic interface. The movement of flight controls are converted to electronic signals, and flight control computers determine how to move the actuators at each control surface to provide the expected response. The actuators are usually hydraulic, but electric actuators have been used.
The main concern with fly-by-wire systems is reliability. While traditional mechanical or hydraulic control systems usually fail gradually, the loss of all flight control computers could immediately render the aircraft uncontrollable. For this reason, most fly-by-wire systems incorporate either redundant computers (triplex, quadruplex etc), some kind of mechanical or hydraulic backup or a combination of both. A "mixed" control system such as the latter is not desirable and modern FBW aircraft normally avoid it by having more independent FBW channels, thereby reducing the possibility of overall failure to minuscule levels that are acceptable to the independent regulatory and safety authority responsible for aircraft design, testing and certification before operational service.
Analog.
The fly-by-wire flight control system eliminates the complexity, fragility and weight of the mechanical circuit of the hydromechanical flight control systems and replaces it with an electrical circuit. The cockpit controls now operate signal transducers which generate the appropriate commands, that are in turn processed by an electronic controller. The autopilot is now part of the electronic controller.
The hydraulic circuits are similar except that mechanical servo valves are replaced with electrically-controlled servo valves, operated by the electronic controller. This is the simplest and earliest configuration of an analog fly-by-wire flight control system, as first fitted to the Avro Vulcan in the 1950s.
In this configuration, the flight control systems must simulate "feel". The electronic controller controls electrical feel devices that provide the appropriate "feel" forces on the manual controls. This is still used in the Embraer E-Jets family of aircraft and was used in Concorde, the first fly-by-wire airliner.
In more sophisticated versions, analog computers replaced the electronic controller. The cancelled 1950s supersonic Canadian fighter, the Avro CF-105 Arrow, employed this type of system. Analog computers also allowed some customization of flight control characteristics, including relaxed stability. This was exploited by the early versions of F-16, giving it impressive maneuverability.
Digital.
A digital fly-by-wire flight control system is similar to its analog counterpart. However, the signal processing is done by digital computers and the pilot literally can "fly-via-computer". This increases flexibility as the digital computers can receive input from any aircraft sensor. It also increases electronic stability, because the system is less dependent on the values of critical electrical components in an analog controller.
The computers "read" position and force inputs from the pilot's controls and aircraft sensors. They solve differential equations to determine the appropriate command signals that move the flight controls in order to carry out the intentions of the pilot.
The programming of the digital computers allows aircraft designers to precisely tailor an aircraft's handling characteristics, to stay within the overall limits of what is possible given the aerodynamics and structure of the aircraft. For example, the computer can try to prevent the aircraft from being handled dangerously by preventing pilots from exceeding preset limits (the aircraft's envelope) such as the stall, spin or limiting G. Software can also be used to filter control inputs to avoid pilot-induced oscillation.
Side-sticks, center sticks or conventional control yokes can be used to fly such an aircraft. While the side-stick offers the advantages of being lighter, mechanically simpler, and unobtrusive, Boeing considered the lack of visual feedback from the side-stick a problem, and so uses conventional yokes in the 777 and the upcoming 787. The Airbus series have used side-sticks extensively and the new A380 super-jumbo uses them. In fighter aircraft, such the F-16 Falcon the side-stick is smaller.
As the computers continuously "fly" the aircraft, pilot workload can be reduced. It is now possible to fly aircraft that have relaxed stability. The primary benefit for military aircraft is more maneuverable flight performance and so-called "carefree handling" because stalling, spinning and other undesirables can be prevented. Digital flight control systems enable inherently unstable aircraft such as Lockheed Martin F-117 Nighthawk to fly. A modified NASA F-8C Crusader was the first digital fly-by-wire aircraft, in 1972, mirrored in the USSR by the Sukhoi T-4. At about the same time, in the UK a trainer version of the Hawker Hunter fighter was modified at the Farnborough research center with FBW controls in the right seat, the left seat being for a safety pilot with conventional controls and an FBW cut-out. The US Space Shuttle has digital fly-by-wire controls, first used in free-flight Approach and Landing Tests in 1977. In 1984, the Airbus A320 was the first airliner with digital fly-by-wire controls. In 2005, the Dassault Falcon 7X was the first business jet with fly-by-wire controls.
On military aircraft, fly-by-wire improves combat survivability because it avoids hydraulic failure. A common reason behind the loss of military aircraft in combat is damage causing hydraulic leaks leading to loss of control. Most military aircraft have several completely redundant hydraulic systems, but hydraulic lines are often routed together, and can be damaged together. With a fly-by-wire system, wires can be more flexibly routed, are easier to protect and less susceptible to damage than hydraulic lines.
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) of the United States adopted the RTCA/DO-178B, titled "Software Considerations in Airborne Systems and Equipment Certification", as the certification standard for aviation software. Any safety-critical component in a digital fly-by-wire system including control laws and the operating system will have to be certified to DO-178B Level A, which is applicable for potentially catastrophic failures.
Nonetheless the top concern for computerized, digital fly-by-wire systems is reliability, even more so than for analog systems. This is because a computer running software is often the only control path between the pilot and control surfaces. If the computer software crashes, the pilot may not be able to control the aircraft. Therefore virtually all fly-by-wire systems are triply or quadruply redundant: they have three or four computers in parallel, and three or four separate wires to each control surface. If one or two computers crash, the others continue working. In addition most early digital fly-by-wire aircraft also had an analog electric, mechanical or hydraulic backup control system. The Space Shuttle has, in addition to the redundant set of computers running the primary software, a backup computer running a separately developed, reduced function system that can take over in the event of a fault that affects all of the computers in the redundant set. This is intended to reduce the risk of total failure due to a generic software fault.
For airliners, redundancy improves safety, but fly-by-wire also improves economy because the elimination of heavy mechanical items reduces weight.
Boeing and Airbus differ in their FBW philosophies. In Airbus aircraft, the computer always retains ultimate control and will not permit the pilot to fly outside the normal flight envelope. In a Boeing 777, the pilot can override the system, allowing the aircraft to be flown outside this envelope in emergencies. The pattern started by the Airbus A320 has been continued with the Airbus family and the Boeing 777.

Gebenhofen
Gebenhofen is a village near Augsburg. It looks like people settled there in the Merowingian era (7th century). Today, about 500 people live in the village.
it is a member of the gemeinde Affing an can be found in the Landkreis Aichach Friedberg (Regierungsbezirk Schwaben)

Scranton,_Pennsylvania
Scranton is a city in Pennsylvania. It is the county seat of Lackawanna County. The city had a population of 76,415 people in 2000.
History.
Scranton was first settled in 1776 by Lenape indians. Over time, settlers from New England began to move to Scranton. They built mills and other small businesses. The village was known as Slocum Hollow. In 1845, Scranton started to manufacture iron and steel. The iron was used for making rails. Scranton became a leading maker of iron rails. A railroad was founded in 1851. It was built to move iron and coal.
Scranton became a borough in 1856. In 1866, Scranton was made a city when Hyde Park and Providence joined together with the Borough of Scranton. The city had 35,000 people living in it. In 1866, a streetcar system was built. It was the first in the United States. Scranton got the nickname "The Electric City" because of this. In the late 1890s, Scranton had several minor league baseball teams.
The United States Census said that Scranton had a population of 102,026 people in the year 1900. This made it the 38th largest city in the United States. In the 1900s, Scranton was known for its many Victorian-style houses.
In 1901, the iron industry in Scranton moved to Lackawanna, New York. Scranton lost one of its main industries. In the next 25 years, many people from Eastern Europe moved to Scranton. Two years later, the Laurel Line railroad opened up, making it easy to go to Wilkes-Barre, 20 miles South. After World War II, coal began losing cleaner fuels such as oil and gas. This caused Scranton to diminish. There wasn't as much coal being made, and not as many trains passed through. The streetcar system stopped in 1954, and a year later, the city was flooded after Hurricane Diane. 80 people died. The NYO&W freight railroad stopped going to Scranton in 1957.
The Knox Mine Disaster of 1959 wiped out the mining industry as the Susquehanna River flooded most of the mines in Northeastern Pennsylvania. The local DL&W railroad, nearly out of money, merged with the Erie Railroad in 1960. In the 1960s and 1970s, the silk and textile industries was getting smaller as they moved South or overseas. In the 1970s and 1980s, the downtown shops lay empty as it was best to shop in suburban malls. However, in the 1980s, the people of Scranton started revitalizing the city. Old places were marketed as tourist attractions. There is a historic site commemorating the city's railroad history, a hotel at the former DL&W Railroad station and a trolley museum. Some more modern attractions are a ski resort, the Wilkes-Barre Yankees (a minor league baseball team) and a concert venue. Also, popular sitcom The Office is set in Scranton.

Pandemic_Studios
Pandemic Studios is a video game developer with offices in Los Angeles, California and Brisbane, Australia.

Basharat
Basharat is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°46'60N 73°5'60E

Chak_Malook
Chak Malook is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°58'0N 72°57'0E

Dullah
Dullah is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.

Kallar_Kahar
Kallar Kahar is a town and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32°46'60N 72°42'0E.

Impala
Impala ("Aepyceros melampus") is is a medium-sized African antelope. The name impala comes from the Zulu language.
Description.
The impala is reddish-brown with white hair inside the ears, over each eye and on the chin, upper throat, underparts and buttocks. A narrow black line runs along the middle of the lower back to the tail, and a vertical black stripe appears on the back of each thigh. Impalas have unique brushlike tufts of black hair that cover a scent gland located just above the heel on each hind leg.
Habitat.
Impalas are found at grassland and woodland edges, usually very close by water.

Object_(computer_science)
In Object-oriented programming, an object is an instance of a Class. Objects are an abstraction. They hold both data, and ways to manipulate the data. The data is usually not visible outside the object. It can only be changed by using a well-specified mechanism (usually called "interface").
Suppose there is a bank account; this bank account has a current balance, but it also has a "history" of things that were done. These fields are however not directly accessible. There are methods like "deposit()" and "withdraw()" and "checkBalance()". Most applications (and other objects) only change this object through this interface.
Banks usually impose a "credit limit". Suppose, there are 1000 dollars on the account. If the client does not have a special agreement with the bank, he cannot take out more money than there is on the account; so he can withdraw() a maximum of 1000 dollars. He might have an agreement with the bank, so he can borrow money from the bank (but has to pay a fee). In that case, he might be able to withdraw 1500 dollars (or 2000 dollars). So the withdraw method has to do a lot of checks. as described above.
The account manager might see the account differently, she might have methods to set the maximum amount that can be taken out of the accounr, or to set the fee or interest rate that the customer has to be pay for the money borrowed.
As an object is an instance of a class; it has certain things from that class. It can perhaps be compared to other objects of that class. Two apples, one red and bigger, the other green and smaller. On the other hand: It is not that easy to compare different objects. A green apple does not have much in common with a steel wrench.
See also.
class (computer science)

The_Evergreen_State_College
The Evergreen State College is a public college in Olympia, Washington, United States. There are about 4500 students enrolled and it was founded in 1967.

Guy_Berryman
Guy Rupert Berryman (born 12 April 1978) is a Scottish guitarist. He is a member of the rock band Coldplay.

Acronis_True_Image
Acronis True Image is a program to make disk images. I is made by Acronis. True Image can create an image of a disk while it is running Microsoft Windows or Linux, or offline by booting from CD/DVD, USB flash drives, PXE, or other bootable media. As a disk imaging solution, True Image can restore the previously captured image to another disk, effectively replicating the structure and contents to the new disk, also allowing partition resizing if the new disk is of different capacity.
Supported filesystems.
In addition to the officially supported filesystems, Acronis True Image also provides raw sector backup and restore options for all other filesystems. 'Raw' mode provides support for a file system that is corrupt, or that isn't officially supported, by capturing a complete image of all sectors on the disk. This method results in a larger image file as it isn't able to compress, resize, or selectively restore files on the unrecognized filesystem.

Corogea_River
The Corogea River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania. That means it flows into the Prut River.

Valea_Satului_River_(Jijia)
The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Burla River in Romania. That means it flows into the Burla River.

Bones_of_the_foot
There are 25 bones of the foot. They are made up of 14 phalanges (toes), 5 metatarsals (sole bones) and 7 tarsals (ankle bones).

Danciu_River
The Danciu River is a tributary of the Jidanul River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jidanul River.

Neagra_River_(Bicaz)
The Neagra River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bicaz River.

Carecna_River
The Carecna River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania. That means it flows into the Siret River.

Breaza_River_(Moldova)
The Breaza River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Moldova River.

Sara_Evans
Sara Evans (born February 5, 1971) is a traditional country singer born in Boonville, Missouri. She has had several #1 hits, gold albums and platinum albums.
Early life.
Music was a big part of her life when she was young. At age 8, she was hit by a car in front of her house and broke both of her legs. She spent months in a wheelchair and kept singing to pay her hospital bills.
At age 16, she began performing in a nightclub in Columbia, Missouri. She did this for two years. At age 20, she moved to Nashville, Tennessee because she wanted to be a country music singer. She met musician Craig Schelske there. A year later, they moved to Oregon, but when they married, they moved back to Nashville.
In 1995, Sara began recording demos. Someone named Harland Howard was impressed by them so much he he decided to help her get a contract. This paid off when she signed with RCA Records.
Her first album under RCA was called "Three Chords and the Truth", released in 1997. People liked it for being traditional, and it was in many Top 10 lists for that year.
However, country music radio didn't like it that much. None of the singles made the Top 40.
In 1998, Sara released her next album, "No Place That Far". People didn't like it because it was more of a pop-country sound. The first single (Cryin' Game) didn't do anything, but the next single (No Place That Far, a duet with Vince Gill) became a #1 hit. Because of that the album was certified gold.

Hazara,_Pakistan
Hazara is a valley and area of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. Until the year 2000 it used to be known as Hazara Division - and its capital city was Abbottabad.

Harappa
Harappa (Urdu: ہڑپہ) is a city in Punjab, northeast Pakistan. It is about 35km (22 miles) southwest of Sahiwal.

Fatehpur_Thakiala_Tehsil
Fatehpur Thakiala is one of the three tehsils, (administrative subdivisions), of Kotli District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is also referred to as Nakyal.

Gojra_Tehsil
Gojra Tehsil is a subdivision (tehsil) of Toba Tek Singh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The tehsil covers an area of 1,115 km² and is administratively subdivided into 24 Union Councils, six of which form the tehsil capital Toba Tek Singh.

Washington_Wizards
The Washington Wizards are a team in the National Basketball Association in Washington, D.C..

Deia_River_(Moldova)
The Deia River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Moldova River.

Ciobanu_River
The Ciobanu River is a tributary of the Slătioara River in Romania. That means it flows into the Slătioara River.

Parliamentary_procedure
Parliamentary procedure is a set of rules for meetings. It gets its name from its use in Parliaments, or legislatures. Rules of parliamentary procedure say how many votes are needed to pass or amend a law, who gets to speak and for how long, and what must be done to change these rules. The most popular set of rules is Roberts Rules of Order by Henry M. Robert.

Themis_band
Themis Music is a Canadian music endeavour which includes a Wicca music group, a studio in Toronto, Ontario and a "Band Camp" retreat in Northern Ontario.
Incipient Wicca Music Genre.
A strong thread in the artistic work of Themis music is the Wiccan love of life and nature. Lyrical references to the "Love of Life", the "Forest of Life", "the Honeyed Fountain", "the gentle caress of a warm summer breeze" focus on the Wiccan belief in nature's divinity.
Themis Music has drawn nature-loving Wiccans from all over the world. Themis promotes unity among all peoples through the power of music and common beliefs.
Studios.
Themis Music operates studios in Ontario, Canada and contracts out the studios for professional recording, digital editing, mastering, production and musical arrangement.
Ontario Band Camp.
Themis Music organizes the 'Ontario Band Camp' each year in the third weekend of September. Held on the beautiful Lake Joseph, Themis Band Camp's purpose is to facilitate the practice of musicians helping musicians. This rich nature experience reinforces the Wiccan belief in nature's divinity. The entire process is deeply tied to nature and giving back to the environment.
Melodic Wicca themes.
Wicca themes carry throughout the artistic works of Themis Music. Themis is unique in combining classic rock elements with a progressive and decidedly gothic sound.
"The songs are melodic and tell stories with Wicca themes" (nature-based doctrine not to be confused with witchcraft in any way), such as a profound love of nature, a reverence for all life, and the power of nature's omnipotent rule over man's mortal law. Appropriately named after Themis, the Greek Titan Goddess of divine law and order.
Themis and Wicca.
According to a WebRadio review "Themis has launched into something original, friendly, Gothicus and evolving between the light and the darkness some time between the Middle Ages and tomorrow."
A Wiccan duo.
Themis band members "The Countess" and Ruffian Angel form both a musical and religious partnership: they are a High Priest and a High Priestess who have each undergone the three degrees of Wiccan initiation.
The two promote Wiccan philosophy in their songs and written texts/articles.
Ecology and nature.
Themis delivers songs with hauntingly beautiful melodies, vividly descriptive stories, accompanied by an entertaining live act. The songs carry through and meld with one another as in a rock opera, promulgating their message: "The beauty of this day is not lost on me...On this wooden log in the Forest of Life, I carve my flute with my hands and my knife for the Love of Life" as in their song 'Love of Life'.

Knoxville,_Tennessee
Knoxville is the third-largest city in the state of Tennessee, in the United States of America. The largest city in the state is Memphis, followed by Nashville, the capital of Tennessee. Knoxville is the county seat of Knox County.
Knoxville was founded in 1786 and is the second oldest of Tennessee's four major cities, after Nashville which was founded in 1779.

Hypnagogia
Hypnagogia is a word used to describe the state between waking and sleep.

1932-33_NHL_season
The 1932–33 NHL season was the 16th season of the National Hockey League. Nine teams each played 48 games. The New York Rangers beat the Toronto Maple Leafs three games to one for the Stanley Cup.
Final standings.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"
Leading scorers.
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

Gnome_(disambiguation)
A gnome is a mythical creature characterized by its extremely small size and subterranean free lifestyle.
GNOME is a desktop environment for computers running Unix and Unix-like operating systems.

Hub_River
Hub River (Urdu: دریائے حب) is located in Lasbela, Balochistan, Pakistan.
It forms the provincial boundary between Sindh and Balochistan, west of Karachi.
Hub Dam is a large water storage reservoir constructed in 1981 on the Hub River in the arid plains north of Karachi. The reservoir supplies water for irrigation in the Lasbella district of Balochistan and drinking water for the city of Karachi. The dam is an important staging and wintering area for an appreciable number of waterbirds and contains a variety of fish species which increase in abundance during periods of high water.
The Mahseer ("Tor putitora"), an indigenous riverine fish found in the Hub River, grows up to 2m in length and is fished.
The Hub dam was declared a wetland of importance in 2001.

Panjnad_River
Panjnad River (Urdu: پنجند) (panj = five, nadi = river) is a river in Punjab, Pakistan. Panjnad River is formed by successive confluence of the five rivers of Punjab, namely Jhelum, Chenab, Ravi, Beas and Sutlej. Jhelum and Ravi join Chenab, Beas joins Sutlej, and then Sutlej and Chenab join to form Panjnad near Uch Sharif. The combined stream runs southwest for approximately 45 miles and joins Indus River at Mithankot. The Indus continues into the Arabian Sea. A dam on Panjnad has been erected; it provides irrigation channels for Punjab and Sind provinces south of the Sutlej and east of the Indus rivers.
Beyond the confluence of Indus and Panjnad rivers, the Indus river was known as Satnad (Sat = seven) carrying the waters of seven rivers including Indus river, which is believed to be in ealrlier times the Saraswati River/Ghaggar-Hakra River river which eventually dried and became a seasonal river due to seismic shifts in the glacial region of Himachal Pradesh where it originated and later on Kabul river and the five rivers of Punjab.

Direct-to-video
A movie that is released direct-to-video (also known as made-for-video, straight-to-video, more recently, straight-to-DVD) is one which has been released to the public on home video formats (historically VHS) before or without being released in movie theaters or broadcast on television. The term is also at times used as a insulting term for sequels of movies that are not expected to have financial success.
Reasons for releasing direct-to-video.
Direct-to-video releases can occur for several reasons. Often a production studio will develop a TV show or movie which is not generally released for several possible reasons: poor quality, lack of support from a TV network, controversial nature, or a simple lack of general public interest. Studios, limited in the annual number of movies they grant cinematic releases to, may choose to pull the completed movie from the theaters, or never exhibit it in theaters at all. Studios then recoup some of their losses through video sales and rentals.
In the case of a TV show, low ratings may cause a studio to cancel the show, possibly after having filmed an entire season and aired some episodes. If the show has a considerable fanbase, the studio may release un-aired episodes on video to recoup losses. ' and "Firefly" are examples of canceled shows which were successful cult hits on DVD. Occasionally outstanding DVD sales may revive a canceled show, as in the case of "Family Guy".Originally canceled in 2004,the series was revived in 2005 due partly to its excellent DVD sales.
Direct-to-video releases have historically carried a stigma of lower technical or artistic quality than theatrical releases. Some studio movies released direct-to-video are movies which have been completed but were never released. This delay often occurs when a studio doubts a movie's commercial prospects would justify a full cinema release, or because its "release window" has closed. A release window refers to a timely trend or personality, and missing that window of opportunity means a movie, possibly rushed into production, failed to release before the trend faded. In filmindustry slang such movies are referred to as having been "vaulted."
There is a positive side to direct-to-video releases. They have become something of a lifeline for independent filmmakers and smaller companies.
Direct-to-video releases can be done for movies which cannot be shown theatrically due to controversial content, or because the cost involved in a theatrical release is beyond the releasing company. Almost all pornographic movies are released direct-to-video.
Animated sequels and movie-length episodes of animated series are also often released in this fashion. Salaries for such actors range from $2 to $4 million (Van Damme) to $4.5 to $10 million (Seagal). According to "Variety", ' sold a million copies in one week, despite retaining only two actors from the original trilogy.
In recent years, DVD Premieres have become a substantial source of revenue for movie studios. DVDPs have collectively grossed over $3 billion over the last few years, and have matured enough that DVDP divisions of studios now option their own movies. Studios realized that DVDP movies can be shot on a smaller budget, thus allowing studios larger profits with the combined revenues of home video sales and rentals, in addition to licensing movies for television and for distribution abroad (where some DVDP movies do see theatrical releases).
Distributing DVDPs is not a practice reserved solely for larger Hollywood studios. Several companies, such as The Asylum, MTI Home Video, and York Entertainment distribute DVDPs almost exclusively. The budgets for movies distributed by these companies are even smaller than those of ones distributed by a larger studio, but these companies are still able to profit off their sales.
The V-Cinema and OVA markets in Japan.
In Japan, the direct-to-video movement carries different connotations, being a niche product rather than a fallback medium. Despite having lower budgets than features intended for theater release, Japanese direct-to-video productions are rarely marred by the poor storyline and lower quality production often associated with the DTV market in the US. So-called V-Cinema has more respect from the public, and affection from film directors for the greater creative freedoms the medium allows. DTV releases are subject to fewer content restrictions and less creative dictate than other formats.
In the case of anime, this is called Original Video Animation (OVA or OAV), and their production values usually fall between those of television series and movies. They are often used to tell stories too short to fill a full TV season, and were particularly common in the early 1990s. Sometimes OVAs garner enough interest to justify commissioning a full television series, like "Tenchi Muyo!", "One Piece", and "El Hazard".
With the advent of the 13 episode season format, OVAs are less common now. The majority of OVAs released in today's market are usually continuations or reworkings of recently completed TV series. For instance, the DVD release of a TV series might include a bonus episode that was never broadcast as a sales hook.

Palos_Verdes
Palos Verdes is often used to refer to a group of coastal cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula in the Los Angeles/South Bay area of California.
Palos Verdes Estates, Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills, and Rolling Hills Estates are the larger cities in the area.
History.
The peninsula was originally inhabited by Native Americans belonging to the Tongva (sometimes referred to as "Gabrielino") tribe, and first described in 1542 by Portuguese explorer Juan Cabrillo.
Schools.
The Palos Verdes Peninsula Unified School District has one of the highest rated API scores in California
, and has one of the highest average SAT scores and one of the highest percentage of students successfully completing the advanced placement exams in the county.
Trivia.
Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean films were partly photographed on and off the coast of Palos Verdes Peninsula. A tent city for production was constructed in the Redondo Beach Marina. The Black Pearl and several production vessels were seen on the waters daily as were helicopters filming for overhead shots.
The name "Palos Verdes" is Spanish for "green sticks".

Arutunian_Trumpet_Concerto
Arutunian Trumpet Concerto is Armenian composer Alexander Arutunian’s sixth major composition. It was written for the Soviet trumpet player Timofei Dokschitzer, who moved to the USA and represented the concerto there. According to J. Sundram, "it is an energetic powerhouse of Eastern European lyricism and harmonic textures". According to Philip Smith, the principal trumpet of the New York Philharmonic, Arutunian's Trumpet Concerto is too much popular among the trumpet players.
Discography.
The London Symphony orchestra. Conductor: Luis Has. RCA Victor 09026-62661-2. USA, 1994
Conductor: Konstantin Orbelyan, Jr. CHAN 9668 England, 2000
Conductor: Atso Almila. Mils 9651 Finland, 1996

Picross_DS
"Picross DS" is a puzzle video game made by Jupiter and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS game console.
Reception.
"Picross DS" got many great reviews. IGN gave it a 9.0/10 and an Editor's Choice Award. The magazine said the game was one of the most addictive games for the Nintendo DS. They liked it for its downloadable puzzles, create-a-puzzle mode, and the number of puzzles to play. They said that the game's biggest mistake was that it penalized the player for missing by adding time, but doesn't count how many times the player misses.

Tierpark_Hagenbeck
Tierpark Hagenbeck (Literally: Animal park Hagenbeck) is the name of the largest zoo in Hamburg, Germany. The park was founded by Carl Hagenbeck in 1907. His father was a fishmonger (a person who buys and sells fish). It is the first zoo in the world to use moats (a moat is a large hole or trench. Animals do not dare cross it).
This was done instead of using cages with bars, so the animals would feel more at home.
Bombs in the Second World War completely destroyed the zoological garden. With much help from the founding family, it was rebuilt after the war. Two Indian Elephants helped to clear the rubble in the zoo, and the city of Hamburg.

Thueyts
Thueyts is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Coucouron
Coucouron is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Walt_Disney_Gold_Classic_Collection
The Walt Disney Gold Classics Collection is a line of videos and DVDs released by The Walt Disney Company which ran from 2000 to 2001. It was preceded by Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection. All titles released were released in VHS and DVD except Toy Story, which was released on VHS only.
Titles.
Titles marked with a star (*) were only released edited; Saludos Amigos had a paint-over to remove a cigarette from Goofy's mouth, Melody Time had a paint-over and cut to remove a cigarette from Pecos Bill's mouth, and Make Mine Music was only released with 9 of the original 10 animated shorts: The Martins and the Coys was removed for containing scenes with guns.

Australian_Recording_Industry_Association
The Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) is a group that represents the music industry in Australia. It is in charge of music licenses and royalties. ARIA has more than 100 members, and is run by a Board of Directors. ARIA holds annual award ceremonies called the "ARIA Music Awards" where prizes are given for Australian music. It also runs the "ARIA Charts" which list the most popular songs and albums in Australia each week.

Creysseilles
Creysseilles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Dompnac
Dompnac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Nomenclature_of_Territorial_Units_for_Statistics
The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics, (NUTS) for the French nomenclature d'unités territoriales statistiques, is a geocode standard that shows the administrative divisions of countries for statistical purposes. It was made by the European Union, so it only covers the member states of that union in detail.
A NUTS code begins with a two-letter code referencing the country, and is identical to the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code (the only difference is "UK" instead of "GB" for the United Kingdom). The subdivision of the country is then displayed by one number. A second or third subdivision level is referred to with another number each. Each numbering starts with 1, as 0 is used for the upper level. In case the subdivision has more than 9 entities, capital letters are used to continue the numbering.
In addition to the full three levels for the European Union countries, all countries have a NUTS code with a two-letter code for a continent and two numbers for the country, and for the USA, Canada and Australia the states, provinces, and territories are numbered separately.
Some are not easily classified: for example, Gibraltar is listed as being outside the EU with the code EO21; while French Guiana is listed twice, once in France as FR930 and once in South America as AS13.
NUTS, in some ways are similar to the ISO 3166-2 standard, as well as the FIPS standard of the United States.
Levels.
There are three levels of NUTS. Some with two levels of local administrative units (LAUs) below. These were called NUTS levels 4 and 5 until July 2003, but were changed due to official regulations although they are sometimes still described as such. Note that not all countries have every level of division, depending on their size. One of the most extreme cases is Luxembourg, which has only LAUs; the three NUTS divisions each correspond to the entire country itself.

Fons,_Ardèche
Fons is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Game_engine
A game engine is used to power video games. It is the core software item of a video game or other objects with real-time graphics.

Grammy_Award_for_Best_Alternative_Music_Album
The Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album is an award given to an album that is the best alternative album of the year. It has been awarded since 1991.

John_Kiffmeyer
John Kiffmeyer (also known as Al Sobrante) was the original drummer for the punk rock band Green Day, and used to be the drummer for Isocracy. He was given his nickname because to his hometown name, El Sobrante.

Scottish_Cup
The Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup (usually known as the Scottish Cup) is the national football cup competition of Scotland. The trophy is the oldest national trophy in the world.
History.
The Scottish Cup started in the 1873-74 season, and 16 teams played to try to win it. The trophy was first won by Queen's Park when they beat Clydesdale 2–0 in the final in front of a crowd of 3,000 people. While the FA Cup is the oldest cup competition in the world, the trophy awarded to the Scottish Cup winners is the oldest trophy, being minted in 1885.

Issamoulenc
Issamoulenc is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Harlan_Ellison
Harlan Jay Ellison (born May 27, 1934) is an award-winning American writer of short stories, novellas, teleplays, essays, and criticism. His most famous work is in the science fiction area, where he has won many Hugo and Nebula awards.

Hercules_and_the_Lost_Kingdom
"Hercules and the Lost Kingdom" is a 1994 television movie starring Kevin Sorbo and Renee O'Connor. Hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who is seeking the lost city of Troy. Eventually, Hercules leads her to a camp of refugees from the city, which has been taken over by Hera's Blue Monks. Hercules helps the refugees take back the city.
Plot synopsis.
Three men are running along the riverside, one of them stops to take a drink from the river. As he stoops down to quench his thirst a female figure composed of water rises out of the river and pulls him under, drowning him, the other two men run on. While running, one man is hit by a boulder and killed. The remaining man escapes. Elsewhere a young woman is collecting water, when the ground begins to shake. She flees back to the village to warn them that a giant is coming. The giant follows the woman to the village and rips the roof of the tavern. Hercules presents himself to the giant and the giant challenges Hercules to a fight. Hercules goes outside and he beats the giant. As the village celebrates the defeat the man from earlier in the film arrives in the village, he asks for Hercules' help. He explains to Hercules that his people have been driven from their city, the lost city of Troy.
Zeus appears and Hercules asks him if he will help him. He asks his father how to find Troy and he says that Hera vanished it and to find it Hercules must find the one true compass which will point the way to Troy. Hercules heads of to find the compass, he find a tribe of men preparing to sacrifice a young virgin to their water god. Hercules saves her from being sacrificed, while unknowingly being watched by a mysterious robed figure. The woman tells Hercules that her name is Deianeira. Later in the evening as they camp for the night, Deianaira tells her a story that she is the daughter of a King. She sees the dark figure and asks who he is and why she is being followed, but the figure does not answer. Later Hercules and Deianaira arrive at the slave market looking for Queen Omphale, the last person to have possessed the compass. In order to get to see the Queen, Hercules sells himself as a slave, and the Queen buys him. After spending the night with the Queen Hercules gets the compass and he and Deianaira continue searching for Troy. Deianaira gets attacked by some men but the figure in the dark robe saves her and tells her to follow her destiny.
Hercules and Deianaira head on to Troy, they arrive at the ocean and the figure standing on the cliffs summons a sea serpent to do Hera's bidding. It swallows Hercules and Deianeira. Hercules kills the monster from inside and they are washed up on the shore. Deianeira sees Troy in the distance and tells Hercules that she now remembers and this is where she is from. Deianeira and Hercules get caught in a trap and taken to the king. The king is ill and he and his daughter are reunited. He tells her that the Cult of the Blue Priests have taken over the city and the people have taken refuge in the woods, he tells Deianaira to rule them well, and then dies.
Hercules tutors the people of Troy and prepares them to battle to take back Troy. Deianeira realises that the people can not beat the Cult of the Blue Priests and goes looking for the Blue Priest. The people notice that Deianaira is missing and Hercules and the people use an underground tunnel to get into the city. As the people fight the cult members Hercules goes looking for Deianaira, he finds her about to be sacrificed to Hera and saves her. The Blue Priest and Hercules fight and Hercules cuts off the Priest's head. A huge storm approaches, and Zeus tells Hercules that Hera is coming for Deianaira, Hercules saves her and Hera takes Hercules instead. As Deianaira is crowned Queen of Troy we see Hercules thrown down from out of the sky, a man approaches him asking him for help, Hercules agrees and the two men walk off to the next adventure.

Sweet_Children_(EP)
"Sweet Children" is the third EP released by punk rock band Green Day.
Track listing.
All songs by Green Day, except where noted.

1812_Overture
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wrote the Festival Overture "The Year 1812" in E major, Op. 49 (French: "Ouverture solennelle "L'Année 1812"; Russian: "Торжественная увертюра 1812 года", "Toržestvennaja uvertjura 1812 goda") to remember Russia's 1812 defense against Napoleon's advancing Grande Armée at the Battle of Borodino, during the French invasion of Russia. The Overture was first presented to the public in the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour in Moscow on August 20, 1882 (NS; the OS date was 8 August). The overture is best known for its climactic volley of cannon fire and ringing chimes. While this piece has no historical connection with United States history, it is often used at Fourth of July celebrations.

Official_names_of_India
India has 23 official languages. The its constitution lists the name of the country in each of the languages.. Hindi and English (listed in boldface) are the "official languages of the union" (Union meaning the Federal Government located in Delhi); Tamil and Sanskrit are officially the "classical languages of India."

Helicobacter_pylori
"Helicobacter pylori" ("H. pylori") is a spiral shaped bacterium that lives in or on the lining of the stomach. It causes more than 90 percent of ulcers, which are sores in the lining of the stomach or the duodenum (the first part of the small intestine). Before 1982, when this bacterium was discovered, doctors thought that spicy food, acid, stress and lifestyle caused most ulcers. Because doctors now know that most ulcers are caused by an "H. pylori" infection, they can be cured with the correct antibiotics.
"Heliobacter pylori" was first discovered by Australian scientists, Barry J. Marshall and J. Robin Warren. They won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2005 for their work.

Le_Lac-d'Issarlès
Le Lac-d'Issarlès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Auguste_Comte
Auguste Comte (full name: Isidore Marie Auguste François Xavier Comte; January 17, 1798 – September 5, 1857) was a French thinker who was one from founders of sociology (from the Latin: "socius", "companion"; and the suffix "-ology", "the study of", from Greek λόγος, "lógos", "knowledge") and positivism.
It was recently discovered that the term 'sociology' had already been introduced in 1780, but with a different meaning, by the French essayist Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès (1748-1836)..
Life.
Comte was born at Montpellier, in southern France. After attending the University of Montpellier, one of the oldest European universities, Comte was admitted to the École Polytechnique in Paris.
He married Caroline Massin, but divorced in 1842.
He died in Paris on September 5th, 1857 and is buried at the famous Cimetière du Père Lachaise.
His apartment from 1841-1857 is now conserved as the Maison d'Auguste Comte.

Malbosc
Malbosc is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Haveliani_Urban
Haveliani Urban is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. It is at the west of the district.

Montselgues
Montselgues is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Planzolles
Planzolles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Langra,_NWFP
Langra is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad district in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
Location.
Langra is located at 34°4'0N 73°10'0E at a height of 871 metres (2860 feet). It is situated to the south of Abbottabad city, neighbouring Union councils are, Salhad - which lies to the North and forms the approach to Abbottabad city, Rajoya to the east, Havelian to the South and Kokal to the west (which forms the approach to Haripur District).
Subdivisions.
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Banda Sahib Khan, Lari and Langra.

Namli_Maira
Namli Maira is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
2005 earthquake.
The 8 October 2005, was one of the worst days in the history of Pakistan. An Earthquake of magnitude 7.6 struck the Northern Areas as well as Kashmir. The quake brought huge destruction. Namli Maira was partially damaged, but the aftershocks were felt in this area even in December. Houses were damaged but the death toll was very low.
Location.
Namli Maira is situated between 34° 07.33' N, 073° 23.00' E in Abbottabad District. The Union Council is a collection of small hamlets, and takes it name from the largest two i.e. Namli and Maira. These settlements are nestled on mountains about 20 kilometres from the city of Abbottabad. Miranjani the highest peak of the area is also in Namli Maira.
From Mera Jani, Azad Kashmir, River Jhelum, (Kohala) Tarbela lake, Abbottabad city, Havelian and other far places can easily be seen.
Namli Maira is mainly a mountainous rural area. The nearest city to people living in Namli Maira is Abbottabad which is also its Tehsil & District capital.
Administration.
The Union Council is administratively divided into the following areas Dhaki Khaitar, Namli Maira, Noormang and Pangoora.
People.
The majority of the people of Namli Maira belong to the Karlal tribes, other tribes in this area are: Turks, Mughal, Malik and Awan and Abbasi, although they are in a minority. People are religious and are all Muslims.
Fruits.
Fruit like pear, apple, black grapes, grapes, fig, peach, damson plum, mulberry, wild fig, lemon, apricot are find in abundance in Namli Maira. As the hill people lack awareness about the markets, they are unable to get a proper return. These fruits only meet the requirement of local people.
Forests.
Most of the area of these hilly hamlets villages are covered with trees. Peaks are covered with evergreen trees including pine, walnut, oak and maple trees. Herbs, shrubs, wild flowers and thorny bushes can be seen in abundance. Goats and other pet animals grassing in pastures. People used forest wood as fuel for daily use and also for homes construction.
Education.
Literacy Rate: Namli Maira village has one of the highest literacy rates for the district. The literacy rate of Namli Maira is about 75%. Girls and boys both type of school are found here. There are Primary schools for boys and girls, Government Boys High School, Girls High school. Private English Medium School (Model Public School Namli run by sir Tariq)are also located here - these account for the high literacy rate.
As this is away from city only a day trip is recommended for tourists. There is no over night stay facility here.

Pranles
Pranles is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Sablières
Sablières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Cierge-la-Serre
Saint-Cierge-la-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in the Rhône Valley in southern France.

Saint-Joseph-des-Bancs
Saint-Joseph-des-Bancs is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Weezer
Weezer is a Power pop band from Los Angeles. They were formed in 1992.

Phalkot
Phalkot is one of the 51 Union Councils of Abbottabad District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. Most of the people are Awans with some Abbasies, the Union Council is lead by the Nazim Malik Mushtaq Ahmed, most of the people are poor and lead a simple life.
Location.
Phalkot Malsa is located at 34° 9' 40N 73° 22' 30E and has a height of 1747 metres (5734 feet)
Subdivisions.
The Union Council is subdivided into two areas Phalkot and Malsa, that include other settlements including Kutli Sehana Jandar Bari Buni Gali and Upri Kutli.
Language.
The Hindko language is widely spoken throughout the area, Urdu being national language also understand and spoken here. English and Pashto is spoken and understood by some people

Stress_(medicine)
Medical stress can be defined as change in body's normal internal balance which leads to a number of hormonal and neurological responses so that normal balance is restored.Stress can result from both internal factors(arising within the body)or external stimuli.These factors can be both positive(e.g. birth) or negative(e.g.heavy drinking).In normal parlance the word "stress" basically refers to psychological stress and stress management refers to life-style strategies aimed at controlling such psychological factors which alleviate stress producing stimuli.Though one or other form of stress is an everyday occurrence which can be considered as a part normal biological existence,stress in excess can lead to multitude of problems.Certain disease conditions are also identified with stress such as "Post traumatic stress disorder"- a psychiatric condition resulting from sudden exposure to excessive stress producing external stimuli such as major accident.

Izvorul_Alb_River_(Moldova)
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Moldova River.

Valea_Satului_River_(Suhurlui)
The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania. That means it flows into the Suhurlui River.

Saint-Julien-du-Serre
Saint-Julien-du-Serre is a commune in the Ardèche département in southern France.

Saint-Michel-de-Chabrillanoux
Saint-Michel-de-Chabrillanoux is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Priest,_Ardèche
Saint-Priest is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Neptunium
Neptunium is a chemical element that has the symbol Np on the periodic table. It has the atomic number 93 which means it has 93 protons in an atom. It is named after the planet Neptune in the same way as Uranium is named after the planet Uranus.

Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort
Saint-Vincent-de-Durfort is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Jaunac
Jaunac is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Eclassan
Eclassan is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Pailharès
Pailharès is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Barthélemy-le-Meil
Saint-Barthélemy-le-Meil is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Funkadelic
Funkadelic was a funk band from the United States. They were formed in 1970.

Original_Six
The Original Six is a well-known term for the group of six teams that composed the National Hockey League (NHL) for the 25 seasons between the 1942-43 NHL season and the 1967 NHL Expansion.

Saint-Genest-Lachamp
Saint-Genest-Lachamp is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-Martial,_Ardèche
Saint-Martial is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Perişani_River_(Suhurlui)
The Perişani River is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania. That means it flows into the Suhurlui River.

Bilca_Mare_River
The Bilca Mare River is a tributary of the Suceava River. That means it flows into the Suceava River. The source of the Bilca Mare River is found in Ukraine.

Cajvana_River
The Cajvana River is a tributary of the Soloneţ River in Romania. That means it flows into the Soloneţ River.

Servinoasa_River
The Servinoasa River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania. That means it flows into the Iada River.

Capra_River_(Iad)
The Capra River is a tributary of the Spinoasa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Spinoasa River.

Sălătruc_River_(Iada)
The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania. That means it flows into the Iada River.

Valea_Măguricii_River
The Valea Măgurici River is a tributary of the Sărăcelu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sărăcelu River.

Antwerp_(province)
Antwerp () is a province in the north of the Flemish Region, also called Flanders, and of Belgium. It borders on the Netherlands and the Belgian provinces of Limburg, Flemish Brabant and East Flanders. Its capital is Antwerp. It has an area of 2867 km² and has nearly 1.7 million people living in it.

Sécheras
Sécheras is a commune in the Ardèche department and Rhône-Alpes region of France.

Satillieu
Satillieu is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Saint-André-de-Cruzières
Saint-André-de-Cruzières is a commune in the Ardèche "département" in southern France.

Haşca_River_(Putna)
The Haşca River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Putna River.

Pătrăuţeanca_River
The Pătrăuţeanca River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania. That means it flows into the Suceava River.

Ōkami
is an action-adventure video game made by Clover Studio and published by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 and Wii game consoles. It's about an ancient Shinto sun Goddess called Amaterasu who looks like a white wolf. It uses cel-shaded 3D visuals.

Selina_River
The Selina River or Şumiţa River is a tributary of the Brezoviţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Brezoviţa River.

Meliugel_River
The Meliugel River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania. That means it flows into the Nera River.

Beuşniţa_River
The Beuşniţa River is a tributary of the Beu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Beu River.

Micropædia
The 12-book "Micropædia" is one of the three parts of the 15th edition of "Encyclopædia Britannica", and the other two being the one-book "Propædia" and the 17-book "Macropædia". The name comes from the word "micro" and "encyclopaedia". Micro means small and so, the Micropaedia is a small encyclopedia. The Micropaedia has articles that are very short, the articles are found in small strips. It is the opposite of the Macropaedia, which has articles that are very long.
The "Micropædia" was introduced in 1974 with 10 books having 102,214 short articles, all of them are less than 750 words. In the 15th edition, many articles were put together, with about only 65,000 articles in 12 volumes. In general, the 750-word limit is still used and most articles are only 1-2 paragraphs; however, a few longer articles can be found in the 2007 "Micropædia", such as the Internet ones, which takes up a full page.
With some exceptions, the 65,000 articles of the "Micropædia" have no bibliographies and no named contributors. It is supposed to be for fast-checking to know only the main things about the topic, and as a guide to the 700 longer articles of the "Macropædia". People use it to know just a little, but the Macropaedia is used to know in detail.

Banihal_Pass
Banihal Pass is located t an altitude of 9,200 feet above sea level, in the eastern region of Pir Panjal range, at 75.16 longtude and 33.31 latitude. The pass connects the Valley of Kashmir with Jammu. Banihal cart road enters Kashmir valley through this pass. keep the highway open in all seasons. In 16th century. Sheikh Yaqoob Serfi and two other religions leader had travelled through this pass to invite India's (Hindustani) Mughal Emperor Akhbar to invade Kashmir.

Karakoram_Pass
Karakoram Pass is situated at a height of 18290 feet above sea level. Thus this is the highest altitude pass connecting Indian occupied Kashmir with neighbouring land Sinkiang (China).

Compilation
In music, a compilation is a record, usually an album, which contains songs from more than one source. For instance, it could contain songs from studio albums, live albums, EPs, and other places. The songs often have something in common, for instance a "Greatest Hits" compilation will contain the most popular songs by a band or musician.

Jenks,_Oklahoma
Jenks is a city in Tulsa County, Oklahoma, United States, and a suburb of Tulsa, in the northeastern part of the state. As of the 2000 census, the city population was 9,557, but it was estimated at 14,123 in 2006.

Jurassic_Park_(movie)
"Jurassic Park" is a 1993 science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg, based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton.
Sequals.
"Jurassic Park" was followed by two more films, ' and "Jurassic Park III". Another film, "Jurassic Park IV", will come out sometime in late 2008.

Kalash_language
Kalash or Kalasha (also known as Kalasha-mun) is an Indo-European language in the Indo-Iranian branch, further classified as a Dardic language in the Chitral Group. However, this Dardic classification is questionable because only 53% of the commonly used words in Kalash have cognates in Khowar language.

Sia_La_Pass
Sia La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge, which sits immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier. Currently held by India, the pass lies near the line of control dividing Indian- and Pakistani-administered territory.

Shingo_La_Pass
Shingo-la is a mountain pass in Occupied Kashmir, on the border between Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh (Republic of India). There is a shallow lake or pool ca 20m below the pass. The pass is on a footpath linking Zanskar and Lahaul, used often by locals and trekkers alike. For trekkers it is one of the technically easiest 5000m passes in Pakistani Himalaya, involving no glacier trekking nor steep climbs. There is snow on the pass all year round. In the Summer only a small stretch of snow has to be passed.

Karakar_Pass
Karakar Pass (el. 1336 m./4384 ft.) is a mountain pass in the Hindu Kush in Pakistan.
From the top of the pass, one can view Buner Valley. It was at this pass that the Emperor Akbar lost most of his 8000-man army in an abortive attempt to invade Swat in 1586.
The 45 km-long road from Pir Baba (RA) to Barikot passes through Mount Ilam rising through mature pine forests to Karakar pass.

Lauren_Bacall
Lauren Bacall (born September 16, 1924) is an American movie and stage actress and model. Well known for her deep voice, Bacall started acting during the 1940s and still acts today. She has had big roles in movies like "The Big Sleep" and "Dark Passage".
Although well known as an actress herself, she also had fame as being the fourth wife of actor Humphrey Bogart. They stayed married until Bogart died in 1957. After that, Bacall married Jason Robards, also an actor. They divorced in 1969.
Bacall's first cousin is Shimon Peres, who was once Prime Minister and is now President of Israel.

Popilnica_River
The Popilnica River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania. That means it flows into the Homorod River.

Buha_River
The Buha River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sterminos River.

Vârtejul_River
The Vârtejul River is a tributary of the Cotmeana River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cotmeana River.

Shangla_Pass
Shangla Pass connects Upper Swat with Lower Swat, in NWFP, Pakistan.

Naneghat_Pass
Naneghat (Marathi: नाणेघाट) is a mountain pass in the Western Ghats range near Junnar in Pune district of Maharashtra, India.

Facebook
Facebook is a social networking website launched on February 4, 2004.
The free-access website is privately owned and operated by Facebook, Inc. Users can join networks organized by city, workplace, school, and region to connect and interact with other people.

Tirich_Mir
Tirich Mir (also called Terich Mir" and Terichmir) is the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush region of northern Pakistan.

Dudipatsar_Lake
Dudiptsar lake or Dudipat Lake is a beautiful lake encircled by snow clad peaks. The lake lies in the extreme north of Kaghan Valley at N35.0185 E74.0895 and is about a four hours drive from the chief town Naran. The road is not entirely accessible for cars, even Jeeps. From Besal onwards the visitors have to trek about 6-8 hours in vast alpine meadows to reach the lake.
Trek consists of at sometimes steep climb while at other places walk through huge flat valleys, but at all the time filled with amazing sights.
Its water is a beautiful greenish blue and very cold too. Dudipatsar is also close to another major Lake Lulusar which is the main contributory to the Kunhar River that runs through Kaghan valley. At a distance from the lake lies the Babusar Top or the Babusar Pass which is the end of 150 km long Kaghan valley.
The whole area is accessible for four months every year from June-September after which it is closed to snow.
It is highly not advised to track it in snow, as there is a high probability of avalanches in the area. The lake used to have abundance of trout, but illegal fishing using dynamite and nets has resulted in a sharp decline.
The word "dudi" means white and "sar" means lake. This name has been given to the lake because of the white color of snow at surrounding peaks. In summer the water of the lake reflects like a mirror. Getting to the lake takes four to six hours of tough hiking and trekking.
The word "sar" is used with the name of each lake in the area meaning lake. In the summer when the water of the lake reflects like a mirror a large number of visitors from different areas of the country come to watch the enchanting views of these lake.
The whole area is private property but declared national park by Government of Pakistan.
The deep blue Dudipat Sar, at 3,800 meters, is surrounded by green hills at about 4,800 meters, with snow patches in the shady hollows. This lake is very little visited by people and its natural beauty is still very much protected. October 8, 2005's earthquake in North Pakistan has made it more difficult to be accessed. However the government of Pakistan decided on March 14, 2006 to take all steps to restore tourism of the Kaghan valley which includes building new tourism spots and rebuilding previously destroyed ones.

Rama_Lake
Rama Lake is a lake near Astore in Northern Areas, Pakistan. It is on the top of the beautiful Astore Valley, covered with oak trees and greenery.

Baltoro_Glacier
The Baltoro Glacier, at 62 kilometers long, is one of the longest glaciers outside of the polar regions. It is located in Baltistan, in the Northern Areas of Pakistan, and runs through part of the Karakoram mountain range. The Baltoro Muztagh lies to the north and east of the glacier, while the Masherbrum Mountains lie to the south. At 8,611 m (28,251 ft), K2 is the highest mountain in the region, and three others within 20 km top 8,000 m.
The glacier gives rise to the Shigar River, which is a tributary of the Indus River. Several large tributary glaciers feed the main Baltoro glacier, including the Godwin Austen Glacier, flowing south from K2; the Abruzzi and the various Gasherbrum Glaciers, flowing from the Gasherbrum group of peaks; the Vigne Glacier, flowing from Chogolisa, and the Yermandendu Glacier, flowing from Masherbrum. The confluence of the main Baltoro Glacier with the Godwin Austen Glacier is known as Concordia; this location and K2 base camp are popular trekking destinations.
The trough of this glacier is very wide. Small valley glaciers form icefalls where they meet the trunk glacier. The sidewalls vary from very steep to precipitous. The glacier has carved striations on the surrounding country rocks. Moving ice has formed depressions, which serve as basins for numerous glacial lakes.
The glacier can be approached via the important Balti town of Skardu.

Sarpo_Laggo_Glacier
The Sarpo Laggo Glacier (Sarpo Laggo: young husband) is a glacier in the Northern Areas of Pakistan, in the Karakoram mountain range of the Himalayas.

Alarm
An alarm is something used to alert people quickly to something. Most alarms use loud noises and/or flashing lights. Some alarms may use other ways of attracting peoples attention quickly.

White_bass
The white bass or sand bass ("Morone chrysops") is a freshwater fish of the temperate bass family Moronidae. It is the state fish of Oklahoma.

Haunted_house
A haunted house is a house where supernatural events are believed to take place. Many haunted houses are believed to contain ghosts. They can also contain the spirits of dead people. The rumour that a house is haunted often starts after something violent or tragic happens in the house, such as a murder or suicide. Haunted houses are common in gothic fiction, and are generally seen as old castles or creaky, old, abandoned houses.

Happy_Feet
"Happy Feet" is a 2006 computer-animated comedy-drama musical movie. It was made in Australia. The movie was directed and co-written by George Miller. It was released in North America in November 2006. While it is mostly animated, some scenes do include "live action", which is a term for movies that use actors to play the parts. "Happy Feet" won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but did not win the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature.
"Happy Feet" was dedicated to the following people: Nick Enright, Michael Jonson, Robby McNeilly Green, and Steve Irwin.
Plot.
Happy Feet is set in an emperor penguin colony, where each penguin must sing a song called the "Heartsong" to find a mate. Two penguins, Norma Jean and Memphis, are attracted to each other by their songs, and they start a family. While Norma Jean is fishing in the ocean, Memphis is left with the egg, and he accidentally drops it on the ice, exposing it to the cold temperatures of the Antarctic. The young penguin chick who hatches out of this egg has a terrible singing voice and later discovers he has no "Heartsong." However, he does have a talent for tap dancing.
While Mumble's mother, Norma Jean, thinks this little habit is cute, his father, Memphis, says it "just ain't penguin." Besides, they both know that, without a "Heartsong", Mumble may never find true love. As fate would have it, his one friend, Gloria, happens to be the best singer around. Mumble and Gloria have a connection from the moment they hatch, but she struggles with his strange "hippity-hoppity" ways. Mumble is just too different--especially for Noah the Elder, the stern leader of the colony, who ultimately casts him out of the community.
Away from home for the first time, Mumble meets a group of different penguins--the Adelie Amigos. Led by Ramon, the Adelies instantly accept Mumble's tap-dancing skills and invite him to party with them. In the home of the Adelies, Mumble seeks the counsel of Lovelace the Guru, a Rockhopper penguin who claims he will answer any of life's questions for the price of a pebble. In their conversation, Lovelace mentions "aliens," which interest Mumble as he finds a frozen vehicle in a glacier. He decides to find the "aliens."
Returning home, Mumble and his friends find Gloria in the center of attention as her "Heartsong" is very attractive to the other penguins. However, she is not interested in the other males' "Heartsongs" but is excited when Mumble persuades her to sing in time with his tap-dance rhythm. The other penguins become interested and begin dancing. However, Noah the Elder feels that the recent lack of fish, the penguins' main food, is a punishment sent from their god in order to punish them for allowing Mumble's dancing. He therefore exiles Mumble from the colony, but before he leaves, Mumbles tells them that he will find the real cause of the famine.
With Lovelace and the Amigos, Mumble travels many miles and through many obstacles, which include an attack by killer whales. Finally, they see a large quantity of commercial trawlers, ships that are fishing in the Antarctic waters, and Mumble follows them. Eventually, he is caught and put on display in an marine park exhibit. He attempts to communicate with the "aliens" (humans) who are surrounding him, but fails. After nearing going insane with the confinement, a small child taps on the glass of his enclosure. Mumble is excited and begins tap-dancing. After a large crowd gathers to watch him, he is released back to the wild with a tracking device and leads the humans back to his colony.
Later on, a research team arrives to study the penguins, and the humans discover they are overfishing the ocean, which had resulted in the lack of fish. Fishing the Antarctic is banned, and the fish population returns and thrives. In the end, the Emperors and Amigos are shown dancing and celebrating.

Andrei_Tarkovsky
Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky () (April 4, 1932 - December 29, 1986) was a Soviet film director, writer and opera director. Tarkovksy is listed as one of the 100 filmmakers best liked by film critics. He attained critical acclaim for directing such films as "Andrei Rublev", "Solaris" and "Stalker".
Tarkovsky also did a lot of work as a screenwriter, film editor and theater director.He is also important as a film theorist. He directed most of his films in the Soviet Union, with the exception of his last two films which were produced in Italy and Sweden. His films are characterized by Christian spirituality and metaphysical themes. Other things that are typical for his films are extremely long takes, the lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot, and memorable images of exceptional beauty.
Tarkovsky died of cancer, at age 54.

Action-adventure_game
An action-adventure game is a video game genre that uses gameplay from adventure and action games. Popular games in this genre are "The Legend of Zelda" series, the "Castlevania" series, and the "Metroid" series.

Karakoram_Range
Karakoram Range of mountains starting in the extreme north of Hindu Kush Range mountain and extending eastward in the north of Baltistan District ends in the northeast corner of the state of Jammu & Kashmir. The range is spread over a length of 482 km, and it covers a tract 46 to 48 km broad. Karakoram separates the State of Jammu and Kashmir from Tibet, and Central Asian States. It also protects Kashmir fromthe extreme cold winds of Siberia. There are over 300 peaks with an elevation between 5200 and 28000 feet from the sea level. Out of these peaks, 150 are situated in Baltistan. The world's highest peak K2 (8611 M/ 28251 feet) is situated within this range. World famous glaciers, the Siachen Glacier, Masherbroom and Gaisherbroom are also situated in Karakoram range. Many hilly lakes and hot-water springs can also be found here The different valleys of Karakoram gave birth to many rivers, rivulets, streams which at last drain in the great Indus River. 18300 feet high Karakoram Pass, connects Kashmir with Central Asian states and is considered to be a historical route. Shaksgam Pass, Aghil Pass, and Khunjerab Pass are also situated in this range of mountains.

Kiki's_Delivery_Service
"Kiki's Delivery Service", known in Japan as, is a movie about a witch named Kiki who goes to live on her own for a year, just like all witches must do at her age. It's the fifth anime movie made at Studio Ghibli, and it was made by Hayao Miyazaki, their most famous director. It's based on the novel of the same name.
It begins with her listening to the radio and hears that there will be a full moon and runs to tell her mother she is leaving to start her training.She then leaves and while flying on her broom stick runs into another witch who acts all snobby. So basically she finds a town and lives with a pregnant women an starts a delivery service and finds love in her life,

Operation_Searchlight
Operation Searchlight was a planned military pacification carried out by the Pakistan Army to curb the Bengali nationalist movement in erstwhile East Pakistan in March of 1971. Ordered by the government in West Pakistan, this was seen as the sequel to Operation Blitz which had been launched in November 1970.

Disney's_Nine_Old_Men
Disney's Nine Old Men were a group of animators who were very important names for Disney. They made many important works of Disney, from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs to The Rescuers. Although the men of the group were all young, Walt Disney called them Nine Old Men as a reference to Franklin D. Roosevelt calling the US Supreme Court nine old men.
By the time "Robin Hood" was released, only four of the Nine Old Men were still animating at Disney. They were Milt Kahl, John Lounsbery, Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston, although Eric Larson and Wolfgang Reitherman were both working for Disney, but not as animators. Lounsbery died in 1976, Kahl retired the same year and died in 1987. Thomas and Johnston retired in 1978, and both later enjoyed cameo appearances in the Brad Bird-directed films "The Iron Giant" (Warner Bros., 1999) and "The Incredibles" (Pixar, 2004). Thomas died shortly after that, in 2004, leaving Johnston as the last living "Old Man." He died on April 14, 2008.

Chassis
A chassis (plural chassis) consists of a framework that supports an inanimate (non-living) object. This is much like an animal's skeleton, for example in a car.
Examples of use.
In a car, the term chassis means the frame (the metal "skeleton") plus the engine, transmission (gear shift), driveshaft, differential (gears which keep the back wheels moving correctly), and suspension (springs which keep the car above the ground). A body, which is usually not necessary to keep the car together, is built on top of the chassis to complete the car.

Elite_Beat_Agents
"Elite Beat Agents" is a music video game made by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console. It's the spiritual sequel to "Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan". The gameplay has the player tap and drag on spots on the touch screen in beat to the rhythm of the music to score points. It was released under the Touch! Generations label in North America. In South Korea, it's called "Dowajweo! Rhythm Hero" (; Help! Rhythm Hero).

Vest-Telemark
Vest-Telemark is the name of an area, in the south of Norway.
Fyresdal, Tokke, Vinje, Nissedal, Kviteseid, and Seljord.
In no area, has one found more traces (examples or evidence) of the Old Norse language and grammar.

Tempo
In music, tempo (Italian for 'time, movement') is the speed of a song or piece.

Frank_Thomas_(animator)
Franklin "Frank" Thomas (September 5, 1912 – September 8, 2004) was an American movie animator. He was one of Disney's Nine Old Men. He worked on many Disney movies until he retired in 1978. Later on, he wrote the animation book "The Illusion of Life" with good friend and fellow animator Ollie Johnston. Animator Chuck Jones once said that Thomas was the "Laurence Olivier of all animators."

Pontifical_Academy_of_Sciences
The Pontifical Academy of Sciences dates back four centuries to its creation as the Accademia dei Lincei in 1603. Pope Pius IX changed the name to the Pontifical Academy of the New Lincei in 1847 to signify its new status as an official institution of the Pontifical State. Nearly a century later, it was reorganized as the Pontifical Academy of Science on October 28, 1936, by Pope Pius XI in a Motu proprio In multis solaciis (Latin "?").
Mission.
Although it reports directly to the Pontiff, the Academy has considerable freedom in conducting its mission: the study of Science and the possible consequences for the human condition. Christian belief is not a prerequisite for membership to the Academy, because first and foremost, it is a legitimate Scientific body that follows the Scientific Method. As of 2003 more than two dozen Nobel Prize winners (including Professor Ahmed Zewail, Chemistry 1999) and several Field Medal winners were counted as members. Plenary sessions are interdisciplinary events held every other year to review new developments and discus progress made towards their mission. Common working groups include astronomy and cosmology, cognition and brain science, and genetics.

Ghulam_Ishaq_Khan
Ghulam Ishaq Khan (abbreviated as GIK) (Urdu/Pashto: غلام اسحاق خان) (January 20, 1915 – October 27, 2006) was President of Pakistan from August 17, 1988 until July 18, 1993.

Ashes_to_Ashes_(TV_series)
Ashes to Ashes is a British television drama series, which is a sequel to the 2006 series "Life on Mars". It is a Kudos Film & Television production for the BBC, and was broadcast on BBC One. It was first shown on 7 February 2008 at 9:00 PM GMT.
Philip Glenister, who plays Gene Hunt, has said in an interview that "the programme will run for at least two series." He also said that "he does not think any show featuring his character should be made afterwards."
Matthew Graham has said that "the programme could potentially run to three series."
Filming for a second series started in Summer 2008, to be broadcast in 2009.

BBC_Parliament
BBC Parliament is a British television channel from the BBC. It broadcasts live and recorded coverage of the British House of Commons and House of Lords, the Northern Ireland Assembly, the Scottish Parliament and the Welsh Assembly, and occasionally from the General Synod of the Church of England. The channel also broadcasts reports from the European Parliament.
Before being taken over by the BBC, the channel was known as The Parliamentary Channel.

Trestia_River_(Cibin)
The Râul Trestia is a tributary of the Valea Lupului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Lupului River.

Scentless_Apprentice
"Scentless Apprentice" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana. It was on their third album, "In Utero", and a live version was on their live album, "From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah". Most of their songs were only written by the singer Kurt Cobain, but this song was written by all three members of the band.
The song was written in 1992. The band originally did not like the song, because it was too much of a generic grunge song, however they soon began to like it. They even thought of releasing it as the second single from "In Utero" (after "Heart-Shaped Box") but this never happened.
The song is about a book that Kurt Cobain read, "Perfume". The book and the song are about a boy who is born without body odor but has a strong sense of smell. Soon he becomes a murderer who kills female victims.
In the TV Show "Lost", Scentless Apprentice is playing on one of the characters' car radios. See this.

ZFS
ZFS is a file system that has been developed by Sun Microsystems for Solaris. It was developed with very large disks (and disk collections) in mind. It has built in support for snapshots and logical volumes.-The file system also supports advanced concepts like RAID.

Rape_Me
"Rape Me" is a song by the American grunge band, Nirvana. It was the second single from their last album, "In Utero". But there was much controversy about the song, so the single was a double-A-side single. The other song was "All Apologies."
Controversy.
There was much controversy about the title of the song. Although many people were shocked about it, Kurt Cobain, the writer of the song, said that the song is about a man who rapes a woman. He is sent to prison for it, and he is raped there. There was a music video that was planned to be made. It was going to be set in a women's prison. However, Nirvana needed a break from the controversy and did not make it.

Bratcov_River
The Bratcov River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Vedea River.

Izvoarele,_Prahova
Izvoarele is a commune in Prahova County, Romania.

Geoagiu_River_(Hunedoara)
The Geoagiu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mureş River.

Valea_lui_Petru_River
The Valea lui Petru River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania. That means it flows into the Prislop River.

Noşcolat_Patac_River
The Noşcolat Patac River is a tributary of the Fântâna lui Gal River in Romania. That means it flows into the Fântâna lui Gal River.

Teaşcu_River
The Teaşcu River is a tributary of the Dresleuca River in Romania. That means it flows into the Dresleuca River.

Cean_River
The Cean River is a tributary of the Santău River in Romania. That means it flows into the Santău River.

Canapiştea_River
The Canapiştea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Întors in Romania. That means it flows into the Pârâul Întors.

Mastacăn_River
The Mastacăn River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Nechitu River.

Diaca_River_(Bistriţa)
The Diaca River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bistriţa River.

Rănghileşti_River
The Rănghileşti River is a tributary of the Corogea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Corogea River.

Avrigel_River
The Avrigel River is a headwater of the Avrig River in Romania.

Jerry_Wexler
Gerald "Jerry" Wexler (January 10, 1917 – August 15, 2008) was a music journalist who became a music producer, and was thought of as an important name in his field from the 1950s through the 1980s. He came up with the term "Rhythm & Blues", and was important in working with big people in music of the last 50 years, such Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, Led Zeppelin, Wilson Pickett, Dusty Springfield, and Bob Dylan. Wexler became part of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.

Valea_Lupului_River_(Strei)
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania. That means it flows into the Strei River.

Valea_Monteorului_River
The Valea Monteorului River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania. That means it flows into the Teleajen River.

Idişor_River
The Idişor River is a tributary of the Baicu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Baicu River.

The_Feeling
The Feeling are a five person band that come from Sussex, England. The bands music is classed as pop. They have been nominated for many awards including a BRIT award in 2006.
The first of their four top 10 singles was the song "Sewn" in March 2006. It was one of 2006's most played songs. It was first played on BBC Radio 2. The Feeling's debut album was named "Twelve Stops and Home", which made it to number two in the UK Album chart.

Miani,_Punjab
Miani is a small town of Bhalwal Tehsil, Sargodha District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is about 70 km from Sargodha city.
History.
Miani used to have a large population of Hindus before the partition of India. They had to leave their ancestral homes and move to India after partition. Sargodha itself was the homeland of Khatris and had a large concentration of the ancient Khatri clans. Khatris are found among both Hindu as well as Muslim Punjabis. Some Khatris were converted to Islam after he introduction of Islam into the Punjab. Miani continues to have a population of Muslim Khatris or Punjabi Shaikhs.
Miani was nicknamed Namak-Miani (salt Miani) because it was the main marketplace for salt that was mined from the mountains around Khewra.

Orion
Orion is one of the largest constellations in the sky. It lies in a field of very bright stars and constellations.
Mythological Legend.
In Greek mythology, Orion was killed by his wife Artemis, who was tricked into thinking that Orion was a rock, so the Greek gods hung him in the night sky.

Phoenix_(constellation)
Phoenix () is a small and not-so-bright constellation in the southern sky. It is one of the birds in a "nest" of bird constellations near it.
Mythology.
This constellation represents a mythological bird that burns itself up every several hundred years then comes back alive from the ashes of the fire

Fleţ_River
The Fleţ River is a tributary of the Luţ River in Romania. That means it flows into the Luţ River.

Băiţa_River_(Fleţ)
The Băiţa River is a tributary of the Baia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Baia River.

BBC_iPlayer
BBC iPlayer is a service developed by the BBC which lets you catch up on the last week's television and radio. BBC iPlayer was first called the Integrated Media Player (iMP), the Interactive Media Player, and then MyBBCPlayer. iPlayer is available online on the BBC website, through P2P, cable television, iPhone and iPod Touch. BBC iPlayer left Beta and went live on December 25 2007.
On June 25 2008, it was announced that a new-look iPlayer would be launched. The new version is now live.

Gulmarg
Gulmarg (or "Meadow of Flowers") is a town, a hill station and a notified area committee in Baramulla district in the Indian state of Indian-Held Kashmir.

Ibrahim_Ismail_Chundrigar
Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar (Urdu: ابراہیم اسماعیل چندریگ, April 15, 1898 - March 13, 1968), commonly known as I. I. Chundrigar, was Prime Minister of Pakistan for about 2 months from October 17, 1957 to December 16, 1957.

Run_Run_Shaw
Sir Run Run Shaw CBE, GBM (born 1907) is an important name in Hong Kong cinema. He made many films with his brother Runme Shaw. Later in life, he has donated a lot of money to charity, schools, and hospitals.

Barisal_Division
Barisal (also spelt Barisāl) is a division of south-central Bangladesh. It used to be a district called Bakerganj bit now it is one of 6 divisions of Bangladesh. The town of Barisal town was under the control of the Roychoudhury family, which now has moved to Calcutta.

Pirojpur_District
Pirojpur is a district in South-western Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division. Most of the land is low lying and the soil is fertile. There are small forests. The Pirojpur municipality was established in 1985. Nesarabad is famous for business centres and also for the Sundori tree (a kind of mangrove tree) that grows there.
Subdivisions.
Pirojpur district is divided into units, also known as "Thana"s: Pirojpur Sadar, Nesarabad, Mothbaria, Bhandaria, Zianagar, Nazirpur, Kawkhali. The subdivision of Pirojpur was created in 1866.

Bahna_River_(Lozna)
The Bahna River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania. That means it flows into the Siret River.

Cerna_River_(Danube)
The Cerna River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania. That means it flows into the Danube.

Turculeţu_River
The Turculeţu River is a tributary of the Argel River in Romania. That means it flows into the Argel River.

Mihailei_River
The Mihailei River or Mihaili River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania. That means it flows into the Siret River.

Vişeu_River
The Vişeu River is a tributary of Tisza River in Romania. That means it flows into the Tisza River.

Valea_Mare_River_(Covasna)
The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Covasna River.

Vaşar_River
The Vaşar River is a tributary of the Talomir River in Romania. That means it flows into the Talomir River.

Jatiyo_Gano_Front
The Jatiyo Gano Front (National People's Front) is a left-wing political group in Bangladesh. The JGF used to be part of the Workers Party of Bangladesh but split from them in 1995. The JGF is led by Tipu Biswas.

Beyoncé_Karaoke_Hits_Vol._I
Beyoncé Karaoke Hits Vol. I is a 2008 karaoke album by Beyoncé

Asău_River_(Trotuş)
The Asău River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Trotuş River.

Valea_Băieşilor_River
The Valea Băieşilor River or Pârâul Băieşilor is a tributary of the Acmariu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Acmariu River.

Draniţa_River_(Camenca)
The Draniţa River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania. That means it flows into the Camenca River.

Ursoaia_River_(Ilva)
The Ursoaia River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania. That means it flows into the Ilva River.

Sineu_River
The Sineu River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mureş River.

Târnăviţa_River_(Boz)
The Târnăviţa River is a tributary of the Boz River in Romania. That means it flows into the Boz River.

Valea_Strâmbă_River_(Olt)
The Valea Strâmbă River or Strâmba River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Grădinile_River
The Grădinile River is a tributary of the Suhatul River in Romania. That means it flows into the Suhatul River.

Pârâul_Văcarilor
The Pârâul Văcarilor is a tributary of the Betel River in Romania. That means it flows into the Betel River.

Valea_Ursului_River_(Rebra)
The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania. That means it flows into the Rebra River.

Robbery
A robbery is the act of stealing from a person or organisation using violence or by causing fear.

Pârâul_Şerpuit
The Pârâul Şerpuit is a tributary of the Maja River in Romania. That means it flows into the Maja River.

Sterpu_River_(Lotrioara)
The Sterpu River is a headwater of the Lotrioara River in Romania.

Podragu_River_(Lotrioara)
The Podragu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lotrioara River.

Pârâul_Mielului
The Pârâul Mielului or Izvorul Mielului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lotrioara River.

Iacoberi_River
The Iacoberi River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania. That means it flows into the Teuz River.

Gârcu_River
The Gârcu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lotrioara River.

Paramedic
A paramedic is a person who works outside a hospital and goes to help at an emergency. Paramedics usually get to an emergency in an ambulance. Paramedics usually work in a team of three or four and they work together to help a hurt person quickly and sometimes take them to a nearby hospital. In many cases, they are also firefighters and work from fire engines.
In some countries like the United States of America and the United Kingdom, it is against the law for people to say they are paramedics unless they have special training and have passed some tests.

Iggy_Pop
James Newell Osterberg, Jr. (born April 21, 1947), better known by his stage name Iggy Pop, is an American rock singer, songwriter, and sometimes an actor.

Charra_Pani
Charra Pani is a hill station in the Galyat region of northern Pakistan.

Intellect
Intellect is the capacity of the mind by which one reasons. It does not involve the power to feel and move but the power to think. Subjects like Logic, Philosophy and Mathematics all involve the intellect. The intellect involves the power to identify, associate and differentiate. To identify is to find out what a thing is exactly. To associate is to find similarities between things, how they are alike, how they are like each other. To differentiate is to find out how things are different from each other. The intellect is always involved in at least one of these three activities.

World_Bank
The World Bank is an international bank that lends money and other help to developing nations. It was started on December 27, 1945, and two years later it loaned France $250 million to help them rebuild after World War II.

Kunar_Valley
Kunar Valley (Urdu: کنار وادی) or Chitral Valley is a valley in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Main geographic features are jungles and mountains.

Nerf_N-Strike
"Nerf N-Strike" is an upcoming video game being made Electronic Arts. It is part of the Nerf series. It will be released on the PC, PlayStation 2, Wii, and Nintendo DS. The game is expected to be released in North America on Autumn 2008.
History.
In August 2007, Electronic Arts gained the rights to some Hasbro brands, like "Monopoly", "Littlest Pet Shop", and Nerf. In February, EA Casual Entertainment announced that their EA Salt Lake Studio would develop and release "Littlest Pet Shop" and "Nerf N-Strike".
Soundtrack.
Songs from Dominican group Jzabehl will mostly be featured in the game's soundtrack.

Euphlyctis_cyanophlyctis
The Indian Skipper frog or Skittering frog ("Euphlyctis cyanophlyctis") is a common frog found in South Asia. They are slimy and are often seen at the edge of bodies of water with their eyes above the water. They noisily move away from the shore when disturbed, giving them their common name. They are rarely seen outside water.

Duttaphrynus_himalayanus
"Duttaphrynus himalayanus" is a species of toad found in the Himalayan region of Pakistan and Indian occupied Kashmir.

Asiatic_Cheetah
The Asiatic Cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus venaticus") is a subspecies of the cheetah. The Asiatic Cheetah ("cheetah" from Hindi चीता cītā, derived from Sanskrit word chitraka meaning "speckled") is also known in Iran as the Iranian Cheetah and in India as the Indian Cheetah.

Jungle_Cat
The Jungle Cat ("Felis chaus"), also called the swamp lynx (although not closely related to the lynxes), is a medium-small cat, but is now considered the largest remaining species of the wild cat genus "Felis".

At_the_Gates
At the Gates is a heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden. They, along with In Flames, are seen as a big influence on the type of heavy metal called "melodic death metal".

Avignon_Papacy
The Avignon Papacy refers to the 70 years when the popes lived in Avignon, rather than in Rome. It occurred from 1309-1376 in France. The Babylonian captivity greatly affected the economy of Rome because they depended upon the tourism of the people going to visit the pope’s residence.

Sniper_scope
A sniper scope is a kind of telescope that is attached on the top of a rifle. These scopes can help a sniper aim and hit a target over a mile and a half away. Usually, they are made of metal, with glass on each end, and an image is etched into the glass to help direct the sniper where to shoot.

Vocation
A vocation (Latin for a calling) is a job that suits a person best. It is also the desire to do a particular job, especially a religious career like being a priest. For religious people, a vocation is often something they feel God has asked them to do. A vocation is followed more for spiritual or emotional reasons than for money, which is a helpful extra benefit from a vocation but not the reason for it.
In Christianity.
Vocations meet a psychological or spiritual need for the worker, and the word can also be used for a job at which a person is gifted. The word "vocation" comes from the Latin "vocare", meaning "to call";. In the past the word meant people's being called to follow Christianity. Martin Luther was the first to use it in the modern way, to describe a life-task.
Christians believe God has created each person with gifts and talents designed for a reason. Christians can be called to vocations that are faithful to Christian teachings, such as marriage, or to be a priest, monk or nun, chastity as a single person or the general calling to live a life that is right, for the good of the Church or humanity.
For those who are not priests or full-time religious people, Protestantism was important in telling them they still had a vocation. Calvinism told people to work hard in life. Calvin said a Christian had two callings; a general calling to serve God and a calling to do a particular job in which they are useful. Protestant ministers in the past said working hard gives god glory. Without something to do, they said people were more likely to sin.
Vocation for non-Christians.
This belief still has an influence on the less religious world of today. Modern occupations which are seen as vocations are those which involve caring or teaching, such as medicine nursing teaching or veterinary work. Politics, may also be seen as a vocation. Campaigning for human rights, such as with the groups Amnesty International and Greenpeace can also be seen as a vocation, although the word tends to mean a full-time job rather than a hobby. People following other religions can also feel called to do a certain job by their gods.

Seminar
Seminar is a conference for discussion or training.
In college, students meet in seminars to discuss some general topic of interest.

Indian_Wolf
Recent genetic research suggests that the Indian Wolf, originally considered only as a subpopulation of the Iranian Wolf (Canis lupus pallipes), may represent a distinct species (Canis indica).

Sunday_Morning_(Maroon_5_song)
"Sunday Morning" was released by the pop/rock band Maroon 5. The single is the 4th single off the album Songs About Jane and is the 8th track as well. The video features the band performing at Abbey Road Studios and as the video starts at the beginning the second single by Maroon 5 called This Love was features while people were singing solos, and duets to the single. Sunday Morning was released in 2004.

Won't_Go_Home_Without_You
"Won't Go Home Without You" is the third single off the album by pop-rock band Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". The song is also the 5th track on the album. The music video for the song has to do with Adam Levine (lead singer) trying to get one more chance for his ex-girlfriend to come back to him, but she was already taken by another man.
Chart Rankings.
"Won't Go Home Without You" peaked #1 in Israel, #16 in Canada's Hot 100, and #3 on the U.S. "Billboard" Adult Top 40.

OpenOffice.org_Impress
OpenOffice.org Impress, a part of the OpenOffice.org office suite package and created by Sun Microsystems, is a presentation program similar to Microsoft PowerPoint. In addition to being able to create PDF files from presentations, it is also able to export presentations to SWF files, allowing it to be played on any computer with a Flash player installed. It is able to view, edit and save files in many file formats, including the .ppt format, which is used by Microsoft PowerPoint. Impress is distributed (spread) under an open source licence so people can download it as free software. It released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public Licence.
OpenOffice.org Impress users can install the Open Clip Art Library, which adds a large amount of images for general presentation and drawing projects. Linux distributions Debian, Gentoo, Mandriva and Ubuntu have given the ready-to-use "openclipart" package for download and install from their online software repositories.

Banglapedia
"Banglapedia", or the "National Encyclopedia of Bangladesh", is the first Bangladeshi encyclopedia. It is available in print, CD-ROM format and online, in both Bangla and English. The print version comprises has 500-page volumes. The first edition was published in January 2003 by the Asiatic Society of Bangladesh, with a plan to update it every two years.
"Banglapedia" is not a general encyclopaedia but one that coversBangladesh-related topics. Although Bangladesh is a new country, there is a lot of history going back many, Banglapedia uses the word Bangladesh to include the territory of ancient Eastern India, Suba Bangla, Shahi Bangalah, Mughal Suba Bangla, Bengal Presidency, Bengal Province, East Bengal, East Pakistan, and the independent Bangladesh.

Special_Forces
Special Forces are elite soldiers in a military. They perform very dangerous missions, usually behind enemy lines, that are too difficult for normal soldiers to do. Special Forces also are used to train rebel fighters to overthrow governments. Special Forces soldiers are highly trained. They are skilled in parachuting, military diving, and camouflage.

Sunny_Baudelaire
Sunny Baudelaire is one of the main characters from Lemony Snicket's series of books, "A Series of Unfortunate Events". In the film she is portrayed by Kara and Shelby Hoffman.
She is the youngest of the Baudelaire orphans. Her two elder siblings are Violet and Klaus Baudelaire. She is described as being an infant throughout much of the series, and as a young (albeit advanced) child toward the end. Sunny can't talk quite as well as the others because she's only a baby, but the baby noises that she makes are often very well translated into common English words by her older siblings. As the series progresses, her speech begins to grow and by the end of the series she is speaking in full sentences. Sunny's favorite book is "From Molars to Incisors: A Pictorial History of the Tooth", and she hates limp food. Her love of biting isn't as common late in the series, though, when she develops a love of cooking.

Apologetic_proverb
Apologetic proverbs (also known as Wellerisms'"), make fun of proverbs by showing that they are wrong, in some situations.
They often have sardonic humor.

Lahore_Division
Lahore Division was a former division of the Punjab Province of Pakistan. In 2000 the government of Pakistan ended divisions.
History.
Lahore Division was also an administrative division of Punjab Province of British India. It extended along the right bank of the Sutlej River from the Himalaya to Multan, and was made up of the six districts of Sialkot, Gujranwala, Montgomery, Lahore, Amritsar, and Gurdaspur. With the Partition of British India into the independent states of India and Pakistan in 1947, Lahore Division was divided among the two countries.

Subdivisions_of_Pakistan
The Subdivisions of Pakistan contain four provinces and two territories. Also the part of Kashmir that is administered by Pakistan is divided into two separate areas.
Local Governments.
The provinces of Pakistan are divided into a total of 105 Zillahs (Urdu: ضلع) (districts). A zillah is further subdivided into tehsils (Urdu: تحصیل) (roughly the same as counties). Tehsils are used in all provinces except in Sindh province where the word taluka (Urdu: تعلقه) is used instead. Tehsils may contain villages or towns and cities. There are over five thousand local governments in Pakistan. Since 2001, these have been led by democratically elected local councils, each headed by a Nazim (the word means "supervisor" in Urdu, but is sometimes translated as mayor). Women have been allotted a minimum of 33% seats in these councils; there is no upper limit to the number of women in these councils.
History.
In the 1960s, Pakistan was simply divided into two "units" these were East Pakistan and West Pakistan. Shortly before East Pakistan became independent as Bangladesh, West Pakistan reverted to a system with four provinces. The provinces consisted of subunits called "divisions", which were further subdivided into districts, tehsils, and villages or municipalities.
In August 2000, Pervez Musharraf's local government reforms abolished the "division" as an administrative tier. A system of local government councils was established, with the first elections being held in 2001. Since then Pakistan has had greatly changed the local government system. The government had a plan to allow devolution. This plan according to the government "follows the principle of subsidiarity, whereby all functions that can be effectively performed at the local level are transferred to that level."
This means mean that decisions are made locally by people who live in the area and not in far away cities.

Presidency_armies
The presidency armies were the armies of the three presidencies of British India. The presidency armies, like the presidencies themselves, belonged to the East India Company until the Indian Mutiny, when the British government took over all three presidencies. Eventually all three presidency armies were merged into the Indian Army.
Before the rebellion.
From the mid-eighteenth century, the East India Company began to keep armies at each of its three main stations, or ‘Presidencies’, in India at Calcutta (Bengal), Madras and Bombay. The Bengal Army, Madras Army, and Bombay Army were quite different, each with its own list of Regiments and European officers. All three armies had both European regiments in which both the officers and men were Europeans, and a larger number of ‘Native’ regiments in which the officers were Europeans and the ordinary soldiers were Indians.
Also from the mid-eighteenth century the British government began to send regiments of the regular British Army to India to reinforce the Company’s armies. These troops are often referred to as ‘H.M.’s Regiments’ or ‘Royal regiments’.
After the rebellion.
Following the Indian rebellion of 1857-58 and the end of the East India Company, its European regiments were joined in 1860 with the British Army, but its ‘Native’ regiments were not. The three separate Presidency Armies continued to exist, and their European officers continued to be listed as members of the Bengal, Madras or Bombay Army rather than the British Army. However, the Presidency Armies began to be described as the Indian Army. Also after the rebellion artillery was only to be used by the British Army and not by Indian troops.
In the 1890s, the separate Presidency Armies were joined together to form the Indian Army.

List_of_time_zones
This is a list of time zones, sorted by time offsets from Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). Countries and regions observing the respective time zones are listed under it. This only gives current offsets. For more detailed and historic information, the zones must be divided. One list that does so is the tz database. See list of tz zones. Also see a helpful map (which is not necessarily completely up to date).
Regions marked with asterisks (* or **) observe daylight saving time: add one hour in summer (* for Northern Hemisphere summer; ** for Southern Hemisphere). Note, some locations use GMT (Greenwich Mean Time) instead of UTC (Coordinated Universal Time) in the definition of local time. For the purposes of this summary, the distinction is ignored.
Some zones north-south of each other in the mid Pacific differ by 24 hours in time: they have the same time of day but differ by a full day. The two extreme time zones on Earth (both in the mid Pacific) differ by 26 hours. A particular day starts earlier in countries with a more positive UTC offset. Thus the first occurrence of a date will be in UTC+14 and the last of the same date in UTC−12. This gives the interesting feature that during one hour each day there are three different dates in use on land around the world, e.g. at 10:30 UTC Monday it is already 00:30 Tuesday in the Line Islands (UTC+14) while the time is 23:30 Sunday in Samoa (UTC-11).
Time zone abbreviations are almost always customary, not legal—those listed here only exist in English and are somewhat arbitrary. English time zone names below generally only apply to English-speaking areas. The CIA and NAO disagree on the time kept by some Russian oblasts, so both are given below—this may be due to a recent time zone change.
UTC-1, N.
"Principal cities: Praia, Mindelo, Ponta Delgada, Angra do Heroísmo"
UTC, Z.
"Principal cities: London, Dublin, Abidjan, Casablanca, Accra, Lisbon"
The crew of the International Space Station observes this timezone in their daily routine.
UTC+1, A.
"Principal cities: Amsterdam, Berlin, Vienna, Brussels, Kinshasa, Lagos, Madrid, Paris, Rome"
UTC+2, B.
"Principal cities: Cairo, Istanbul, Helsinki, Kiev, Jerusalem, Johannesburg, Bucharest, Athens"
UTC+3, C.
"Principal cities: Moscow, Baghdad, Khartoum, Saint Petersburg"
, C†.
"Principal cities: Tehran, Mashhad, Esfahan, Tabriz"
UTC+4, D.
"Principal cities: Baku, Samara, Tbilisi, Yerevan"
, D†.
"Principal cities: Kabul, Herat, Kandahar, Mazar-i Sharif"
UTC+5, E.
"Principal cities: Karachi, Lahore, Faisalabad, Rawalpindi, Islamabad and Srinagar (Iqbalabad)
, E†.
"Principal cities: Bangalore, Chennai, Colombo, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai, Thiruvananthapuram"
, E‡.
"Principal cities: Kathmandu, Biratnagar, Patan, Pokhara"
UTC+6, F.
"Principal cities: Dhaka, Chittagong, Novosibirsk, Khulna"

David_Paterson
David Alexander Paterson (born May 20, 1954) is an American politician and the current Governor of New York. He is the first black governor of New York and the first legally blind governor of any state. He became governor when Eliot Spitzer resigned. Due to Paterson becoming governor, two black governors are serving at the same time for the first time in more than 100 years; as Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts is also African American.

Dagne_Groven_Myhren
Dagne Groven Myhren is a Norwegian writer who researches literature. <br.>
She is also a musician of folk music (a folk musician), <br.>
and a university professor.
She has collaborated (or helped) writing a book in English about stev. The book is "Aslak Brekke og visune hans".
(The author of the book is J.P.Ekgren).

Mammary_intercourse
Mammary intercourse describes a sex act, performed as foreplay or as non-penetrative sex, that involves the stimulation of the male penis by the female breasts. Commonly, this sex act involves the man placing his penis between the woman's breasts and thrusting, while the breasts are squeezed around the penis for additional stimulation. Mammary intercourse is sometimes combined with oral sex.
When mammary intercourse continues to the point of ejaculation, the semen can land on the breasts, face, or in the mouth of the woman.
Several slang terms refer to mammary intercourse, such as titfuck or titty fuck in the United States, as well as tit wank or French fuck in the United Kingdom.

Solar_wind
The Solar Wind is not, as the name suggests, wind. It is a stream of charged particles shot out of the Sun. They are shot out at such speed that they can travel the whole length of the Solar System, nearly 1 lightyear. The particles are dangerous to people and spacecraft. Earth has a magnetic field which absorbs or soaks up a lot of the solar wind causing the "northern lights" or "aurora borealis."

Razia_Sultan
Razia al-Din or Razia Sultana (1205-1240) was one of the rulers of the Delhi Sultanate. She was the first and last Muslim lady to rule Delhi. She was said to be a brave, kind and just person. She ascended the throne in 1236 A.D. But the nobles who did not like to be ruled by Razia soon killed her in a war.

Mass_Effect
Mass Effect is an award winning, 2007, science fiction video game published by Microsoft and developed by Bioware. It was released for the Xbox 360 and later on the PC. The game takes place in the year 2183. Players control an elite human soldier called Commander Shepard and are able to explore the galaxy on his spacecraft, the "SSV Normandy".
Plot and Universe.
"Mass Effect" has a very detailed fictional universe, with many of the concepts based on real science. There are over 20 alien races the player can meet in "Mass Effect", with more planned for the sequels.
Themes.
The game has a science fiction setting and explores themes such as space, racism, religion and the state of humanity. The main plot of the game involves the classic science fiction idea of robots or AI that have got out of control. According to the lead writer of Bioware, Star Wars, Aliens and Blade Runner were all influences on the games setting and plot.
Setting.
"Mass Effect" is set 180 years in the future in the year 2183. According to the back story humans discovered some ancient technology on Mars. This enabled them to build faster than light spacecraft. With this technology humans explored the whole Solar System. Twenty years before the game begins human explorers find an ancient teleporter on Pluto's moon Charon. This enables spacecraft and people to be sent across the galaxy.

Revolution_Studios
Revolution Studios is a movie production company founded in 2000 and closed in 2007. Revolution will be renamed to Confidental Entertainment.

Kata
Kata (型, 形 means: "the form") is a Japanese word which is used in some martial arts. In karate, this word describes a simulation of combat - the sequence of movements - which is given in detail and is trained individually or in group. Before learning it, the martial artist has to try the training of basic technique - "kihon".
Such simulation represents a sequence of movements, the attack and the defence in an imagined combat. Every attack must be made as if there were an opponent in front of the karateka (the karate fighter) in order to reach him, and every defence must be made as if the opponent attacked in a real situation of danger. Every movement has an interpretation. The karateka has to show the consideration for its timing and ability to use it.
The goal of the "kata" is help in the development of the qualities and the abilities bothpsychological and of the body. These abilities are necessary for the real combat.

Xebian
Xebian is an fork of the Debian Linux project, ported to run on the xbox platform.

Storm_Prediction_Center
The Storm Prediction Center (SPC), located in Norman, Oklahoma, is part of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction.

Passionfruit
Passionfruit are small, spherical fruit. It is purple when ripe, and green when unripe. The fruit contains many small, black seeds covered with the fruit's flesh. It is tart and sweet.

Lethal_injection
Lethal injection refers to the practice of injecting a person with a fatal dose of drugs for the explicit purpose of causing the death of the subject. The main application for this procedure is capital punishment.

Okemah,_Oklahoma
Okemah is a city in Okfuskee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 3,038 at the 2000 census.

South_Tyrol
South Tyrol (German: Südtirol) ist the Province of Bolzano-Bozen (Italian: Provincia autonoma di Bolzano; German: Autonome Provinz Bozen; Ladin: Provinzia autonoma de Bulsan), also referred to in English as Alto Adige (from the Italian name) or South Tyrol (from the German name Südtirol) is an autonomous province of Italy.
South Tyrol borders Graubünden and Lombardia in the west, North Tyrol in the north, East Tyrol and Salzburg in the east, Trentino and Veneto in the south. Its capitals is Bozen.

Oklahoma!_(song)
"Oklahoma" is the title song from and the finale to the Broadway musical "Oklahoma!" It is also the state song of Oklahoma.

Crosby,_Stills_&_Nash
Crosby, Stills & Nash are an American musical supergroup (an all-star rock band). Its members are David Crosby, Stephen Stills, and Graham Nash. Their name is abbreviated as CSN. They are sometimes joined by Canadian musician Neil Young, and call themselves Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young (or CSN&Y) when he is with them. Their songs include "Marrakesh Express", "Suite: Judy Blue Eyes", "Teach Your Children", "Ohio" (a protest song, against the Kent State shootings in early 1970), and "Just A Song Before I Go".
Coming together.
In the 1960s, Stephen Stills and Neil Young were members of another band, called the Buffalo Springfield. Crosby was a founding member of The Byrds, and British-born Graham Nash was a member of The Hollies. Crosby was fired from the Byrds late in 1967, and the Buffalo Springfield disbanded the next year. Nash went to California, where the others lived and worked, when the Hollies visited there in 1968. Nash and Crosby had met earlier in England, and got back in touch in California. Crosby and Stills had worked together on two songs, called "Wooden Ships" and "You Don't Have To Cry". Performing "You Don't Have To Cry" for Nash, he joined in on harmonies, and the three noticed they had a special sound together. Nash moved to California, and the three formed a band. They signed a recording contract with Atlantic Records.
Stills and Crosby were free to work together, and record for Atlantic, but Nash still belonged to the Hollies, who had a contract with Epic Records. A trade was worked out, between Atlantic and Epic. In exchange for losing Nash, Epic Records got to sign up another Atlantic band, Poco, formed by Richie Furay from the Buffalo Springfield.
CSN's first album was released in the spring of 1969, and quickly became a hit. The cover showed Crosby, Stills and Nash sitting on a couch outside an abandoned house. (They did not sit in their name order; they had not yet named the group. When they decided on their name, they wanted to take another picture sitting in order, but the house had already been torn down.) Stephen Stills had played most of the instruments on the album, with Dallas Taylor playing drums. This worked fine for recordings, but not for live appearances. More musicians were needed. A keyboardist and bass guitarist were hired.
Atlantic Records president Ahmet Ertegun suggested Neil Young, who now had his own band called Crazy Horse, as another guitarist for the group. Stills wasn't sure if Young would work out, but gave him a chance. He fit in so well that CSN made him a full-time member, and added his name to theirs. Young was able to both play with CSN, and keep his own place with Crazy Horse. Their second show as a quartet was at the Woodstock Festival, in August 1969. They toured for the next several months, and released a second album, "Déjà Vu", early the next year. They made another performing tour, to support the album, which was also a huge hit.
Coming apart.
The group was very successful, but its members had many different ideas, and could not always work well together. Tension grew between them, and they nearly disbanded. Young left to return to Crazy Horse, and tour with them on his own. Each of the four recorded a solo album during 1971, though, and each album became a hit. Nash and Crosby toured together, and Stills formed another band, called Manassas, with Chris Hillman of the Byrds. Another round of solo and duo albums was released during 1972, with Young's "Harvest" and its single "Heart Of Gold" becoming the biggest hits. Albums by the other members were not as successful, though they still sold well. Crosby and Nash got along very well, and worked together as a duo, while Stills joined Young and Crazy Horse to record Young's "War Song". Crosby also rejoined the Byrds, but the album they recorded together, "Byrds", was not a hit.
The four tried to reunite in Hawaii during 1973 to make a new album, "Human Highway", but things did not work out. Finally the next year, they reformed and started another tour, with a compilation album, "So Far", issued to give them something new to promote. Their shows ran longer than three hours, and there was sometimes trouble. Stills was abusing cocaine, and it made him hard to get along with. The same old tensions also came back. A new CSN&Y project was dashed when Stills and Young erased Crosby and Nash's vocals from the master tapes. Crosby and Nash went off on their own. Stills and Young formed The Stills/Young Band, and released an album, but even that did not work out.
Stills and Young toured together during 1975 and 1976. In July 1976, Young left suddenly between shows, sending Stills a telegram that expressed his unhappiness, and told Stills to "Eat a peach." Stills and Young each had to complete tour dates separately. Meanwhile, Nash and Crosby kept recording and performing together. They also sang background vocals for other artists, including James Taylor ("Mexico") and Joni Mitchell ("Free Man In Paris").
Back together.
During one of their shows, Crosby and Nash were joined onstage by Stills, to perform "Teach Your Children". The three worked things out, and reformed their trio. "CSN" was released in 1977, and "Just A Song Before I Go" became a new hit single.
In the next years, the trio worked together off and on, and also as solo artists. Young's music had become very different from that of the other band members, and he mostly worked with Crazy Horse, but he did collaborate now and then with CSN. Crosby had his own cocaine problems during the 1980s, and ended up serving a prison sentence. He was able to stop abusing cocaine, as Stills had earlier. CSN's later songs included "Wasted On The Way". Nash rejoined the Hollies for a reunion album in 1984, and played shows with them, but the reunion was not a success.
CSN played in Berlin, Germany at the time the Berlin Wall was torn down, at the end of the 1980s. They also played shows during the 1990s and early 2000s, and their 2000 tour was called the "CSNY2K" tour. They recorded other albums, but they were not nearly the hits their early ones had been, and they worked with outside writers, instead of writing all their own songs. Atlantic Records cancelled their contract.
Crosby, Stills and Nash still work together and apart, with Crosby and Nash having the longest and strongest partnership. Neil Young continues on as a solo artist, with and without Crazy Horse, exploring many different kinds of music.

Regice
Regice is a legendary Pokémon from the video game series "Pokémon". It is a part of the the Ruby, Sapphire, and Emerald versions of the series. Regice is an ice type Pokemon. It looks similar to many large crystals. Regice is one of the 3 legendary Pokemon that can be caught after the puzzle of the "Sealed Chamber" has been solved. The other 2 Pokemon which can be caught after the puzzle are Registeel and Regirock.

Marcy_Levy
Marcella "Marcy" Levy (born June 21, 1959 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American musician and singer (soprano). She is well-known both under her real name, and as Marcella Detroit.
As Marcy Levy, she was a member of Eric Clapton's band in the 1970s, and wrote the song "Lay Down Sally", which was a hit for Clapton. She later moved to England, and renamed herself after her hometown.
As Marcella Detroit, she was a member of Shakespear's Sister, a duo with former Bananarama member Siobhan Fahey. They recorded two albums together, and several of the songs from the albums became hits. The two split during the recording of the third Shakespear's Sister album, in the mid-1990s.
She began a solo career as Marcella Detroit, but later went back to her original name. She appeared as an angel in '.

Valea_Lupului_River_(Aiud)
The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania. That means it flows into the Aiud River.

Babini
Babini is a town and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.

Gujar_Garhi
Gujar Garhi is a village and Union Council of Mardan District in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°14'0N 72°1'0E and has a height of 298m (980 feet).

University_of_Warsaw
The University of Warsaw (Polish "Uniwersytet Warszawski") is the greatest and having more prestige university of Poland.
1816-1831.
The " Royal University of Warsaw" is established in 1816, when the parts of Poland were separated in Warsaw, from the academic (i.e. associated with higher education) centre of Cracow more ancient and influential. The School of Law and the School of Medicine had been established first time in the Duchy of Warsaw. In 1816 Alexander I had permitted the Polish authorities to create a university, composed from five faculties: Law and Administration, Medicine, Philosophy, Theology, and Arts and Humanities. Soon the university had increased and the number of students reach the 800 and the de professors - to 50.
However, after when the students and professors had taken part in the November Uprising de 1830, the university had been closed by the Russians.
At present.
Now, the chancellor (rector) of the university is Katarzyna Chałasińska-Macukow. (Information of amount of students, professors etc. are required to complete)

Shipping_Forecast
The Shipping Forecast is an iconic part of BBC Radio 4. It is broadcast four times each day, and is issued by the Met Office, the UK meteorological centre, on behalf of the Coastguard It is a weather forecast of the seas around the United Kingdom. The forecast is separated into several areas. It which starts with "Viking" in the northeast (see image) and goes clockwise until it reaches "Southeast Iceland" in the northwest.
Protocol.
There is a strict protocol on how the forecast is laid out, and it has a limit of 370 words. The language of the forecast is hard to understand unless the listener know what to look out for. One line of the forecast commonly would be "Dover, Wight, Portland, Plymouth, four or five, increasing six soon, rain or slight drizzle, good". People listening to the forecast who know the protocol can easily understand it as "In the English Channel, there are strong winds, followed by a stronger wind in less than twelve hours time with some light rain, but good visibility". The numbers refer to the Beaufort Scale of wind strength. "Imminent" means within 6 hours, "soon" between 6 and 12, and "later" meaning after 12 hours.
Navtex.
An updated Shipping Forecast is broadcast six times a day from three Navtex transmitters situated strategically around the coast of the United Kingdom, giving information on the areas near to the transmitter. The three transmitters are called Cullercoats, Niton and Portpatrick, after the places they are at. Navtex is a type of radio communication that sends a message to a receiver that picks it up and converts it into text, similar to a mobiles' text message.
High Seas Forecast.
There is also a High Seas Forecast that can be found on Radio 4's website, which is similar to the Shipping Forecast in format and protocol, but is about the North Atlantic ocean, or 'Met Area 1'.

Synaptic_Package_Manager
Synaptic is a computer program which is a GTK+ graphical user interface front-end to the Advanced Packaging Tool for the Debian package management system. Synaptic is usually used on systems based on deb packages but can also be used on systems based on RPM packages. It can be used to install, remove and upgrade software packages and to add repositories.

Pârâul_Şcolii
Pârâul Şcolii is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania. That means it flows into the Aiud River.

Odverem_River
The Odverem River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania. That means it flows into the Hopârta River.

Kerrang!
"Kerrang!" is a weekly Rock magazine by Bauer Consumer Media in the United Kingdom.

Our_Band_Could_Be_Your_Life
"Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981-1991" is a book by Michael Azerrad (ISBN 0-316-78753-1).

Mike_Pelino
Mike Pelino is a guitarist who currently serves as a touring member of Green Day.

Group_velocity
Group velocity is often considered to be the wave velocity at which information travels. Often, this can be seen as the speed at which the envelope of the wave travels.

Săcăduş_River
The Săcăduş River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mureş River

Cedrus_deodara
Cedrus deodara (Deodar Cedar, Himalayan Cedar, or Deodar; Hindi, Sanskrit: देवदार devadāru; Chinese: 雪松 xue song) is a species of cedar trees that live in the western Himalayas and in eastern Afghanistan, northern Pakistan, north-central India (Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand states), Kashmir, southwesternmost Tibet and western Nepal, and live in places at 1500-3200 m above sea level. It is a large evergreen coniferous tree reaching 40-50 m tall, exceptionally 60 m, with a trunk up to 3m thick. It has a cone-shaped crown with level branches and drooping branchlets.
The leaves are needle-like, mostly 2.5-5 cm long, occasionally up to 7 cm long, very thin (1 mm thick), borne singly on long shoots, and in dense clusters of 20-30 on short shoots; their colors range from bright green to glaucous blue-green in colour. The female cones are barrel-shaped, 7-13 cm long and 5-9 cm broad, and break when up mature (in 12 months) to release the winged seeds. The male cones are 4-6 cm long, and shed their pollen in autumn.

Shorinji_kenpo
Shorinji kenpo is the style of kenpo (a kind of martial art). It was created by Nakano Michiomi.
History.
A Japanese with the name Nakano Michiomi - he later changed his name to So Doshin - incorporates his martial art school into his Buddhist teachings. So Doshin said, that he taught martial arts mostly in order to attract young people to Buddhism. Religious societies didn't pay the taxes, and So Doshin probably considered it, too. Until 1972, So Doshin said that he was the 21st grand master of an esoteric northern Shaolin system called Iher Man Thuen. In 1972 he changed his mind because the Japanese court gave an official decision that his style was not Chinese, but a mixture of karate (perhaps Wado-ryu) and jujutsu (perhaps Hakko-ryu). Consequently, the style's name was changed from "Shorinji Kempo," meaning "kung fu of Shaolin Temple," to "Nippon Shorinji Kempo," meaning "Japanese Way of Fist of Shaolin." The students of Nippon Shorinji Kempo have signs of swastika on their kimonos, but it is not treated as the symbol of fascism, it signifies happiness in Buddhism.

Pygmy_Killer_Whale
The Pygmy Killer Whale ("Feresa attenuata") is a mammal of the oceanic dolphin family.
It is small, and rarely seen.

Teşniţa_River
The Teşniţa River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Dorna River.

Râul_Cheii
The Râul Cheii is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania. That means it flows into the Vâlsan River.

Poaceae
Poaceae or Gramineae is a family in the class Liliopsida of the flowering plants. Plants of this family are usually called grasses, with approximately 10,000 species and 660 genera is the most ecologically and economically important of all plant families.

Ploidy
Cells used for reproduction are usually monoploid.

Crivaia_Mică_River
The Crivaia Mică River is a tributary of the Crivaia Mare River in Romania. That means it flows into the Crivaia Mare River

Gorova_River_(Bârzava)
The Gorova River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bârzava River.

Mătania_River
The Mătania River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.

Cârnea_River
The Cârnea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Morii in Romania. That means it flows into the Pârâul Morii.

Omega_SA
Omega SA is Swiss watch manufacturer that belongs to the Swatch Group of companies. It is located in Biel-Bienne (Switzerland). Omega SA produces watches of a high standard. It was founded in 1848 by Louis Brandt in La Chaux-de-Fonds (Switzerland). There are many famous people that promote Omega SA like Michael Schuhmacher, George Clooney, Cindy Crawford and Nicole Kidman.
History.
The beginning of Omega was 1848 in La Chaux-de-Fonds. Louis Brandt opened a factory, that produces watches. The watches made there, carried the name Louis Brandt. After the death of Brandt, his sons transfered the production to Bienne (Switzerland). There, they started to produce their watches industrially. Already in 1898 "Louis Brandt & frères" employed more than 500 workers.
1894 they changed their name into Omega, when they released a whatch, named Omega. This name should show the quality of that watch, because Omega is the last letter of the greek alphabet and means "perfection".
In 1904 finally, the Brandt brothers died, and the company came into the hands of their children. In the following years, Omega became a highly prestigious watch manufacturer. In 1925 Omega started to work with Tissot, another watch manufacturer.
Today Omega belongs to the Swatch Group.
James Bond.
Omega watches are in great demand, by great filmmakers for their films. So, for exemple, Pierce Brosnan (alias James Bond)started to wear an Omega Seamaster Quartz Professional in the film "Golden Eye". In all later Films, Brosnan wore an Omega Seamaster Professional Chronometer.
Also Daniel Craig, latest Bond actor, wears Omega in his films. It even goes so far, that he mentions his watch manufacturer by name in the film.
Sports.
At the moment, Omega SA is the official timekeeper for the Olympic Games. Their first time was 1932 at Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. They have been timekeeper in 2006 Winter Olympics, and will do the same at 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouover.
As a sponsor for the Emirates Team New Zealand, Omega introduced the Seamaster NZL-32 chronograph in 2007. The name is the same as the name of the boat, that won America's Cup in 1995.

Jim_Duffy
James Duffy (born 27 April 1959) is a former Scottish football player and manager.

Asiatic_Wildcat
The Asiatic Wildcat ("Felis silvestris ornata"), also known as the Asian Steppe Wildcat or Indian Desert Cat, is a subspecies of the Wildcat.
It primarily inhabits the Thar Desert, and Rann of Kachchh in India and Pakistan. It is about the size of a domestic cat, with a pale yellowish body marked with black spots.

Bungarus
Bungarus is a genus of venomous elapid snakes found in India and South-East Asia. Commonly referred to as kraits, there are 12 species and 5 subspecies.

Netiş_River
The Netiş River or Pârâul Pietrei is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. That means it flows into the Râul Mare.

Şipotu_River_(Râul_Mare)
The Şipotu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. That means it flows into the Râul Mare.

Breazova_River_(Strei)
The Breazova River or Pârâul Cracului is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania. That means it flows into the Galbena River.

Side_project
In music, a side project is a musical project by one or more people who are already famous for their work in another band. The term "side project" can also be used when a musician changes their style. Side projects usually happen so that a musician can do music that they would not normally do as part of the band.

Ciumiţa_River
The Ciumiţa River is a tributary of the Lacuri River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lacuri River

The_College_Dropout
"The College Dropout" is the debut album by rapper and producer Kanye West, released February 10, 2004. It was nominated for Grammy Award for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album and Best Rap Song for "Jesus Walks" in 2005. It was voted as the best album of the year by "Rolling Stone" magazine and in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics poll, was ranked #1 in "Spin" magazine's "40 Best Albums of the Year", and received a near-perfect 4.5 mic rating from "The Source". The album has received great acclaim from critics and mainstream fans alike, for its balance of mainstream commercial appeal and its innovative subject matter.
Info.
"The College Dropout" reached #1 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums Chart, and reached #2 on the Billboard 200. In the UK, it peaked at #12 on the album chart and spent several months in the top 20. The album went triple platinum in the United States.
The first single from the album, "Through the Wire", was recorded while West's mouth was wired shut after a near-fatal car accident in October 2002. It features a Chaka Khan sample, peaked at #15 on the Billboard Hot 100 Singles chart while its successor "All Falls Down", which features R&B singer Syleena Johnson, peaked at #7. The third single, "Jesus Walks", peaked at #11 while a fourth extract, "The New Workout Plan", made a minor impression on the R&B/Hip-Hop charts (see list of US Billboard chart positions below). In the UK, "Through The Wire" peaked at #9 on the singles sales chart, "All Falls Down" peaked at #10, and "Jesus Walks" peaked at #11.

Valea_cu_Apă_River_(Ciorani)
The Valea cu Apă River is a tributary of the Ciorani River in Romania. That means it flows into the Ciorani River.

Ultimate_(sport)
Ultimate (often called Ultimate Frisbee in reference to the trademarked brand name) is a non-contact team sport played with a 175 gram flying disc.

List_of_tallest_buildings_in_Perth
This is a list of the tallest buildings in Perth, Western Australia taller than 100 metres.
Under construction, approved or proposed.
This is a list of the tallest buildings under construction, approved or proposed that are planned to be taller than 100 metres.
References.
__NOTOC__

George_Clinton
George Clinton (born July 22, 1941) is an American musician. He was involved in funk music and created a genre called P-Funk. He also worked as a record producer for bands including Red Hot Chili Peppers. He was also part of the bands Parliament and Funkadelic during the 1970s and early 1980s. From 1981, he performed by himself as a solo artist. He has been called one of the most important innovators of funk music, next to James Brown and Sly Stone. Clinton is a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.

Scocul_Albele_River
The Scocul Albele River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania. That means if flows into the Lăpuşnicul Mare River.

Tjako_van_Schie
Tjako van Schie (Coevorden, 17 April 1961) is a pianist and composer from the Netherlands. At the Amsterdam Conservatory he is professor. Even in China, Van Schie has played piano but he teaches in Holland and Portugal. Van Schie was educated in Zwolle by pianist Ben Smits and a student of New York pianist Jacob Lateiner. He now lives in the Dutch province Overijssel.

Cioaca_Radeşului_River
The Cioaca Radeşului River is a tributary of the Cârligu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cârligu River.

Rovine_River
The Rovine River is a tributary of the Dobrunu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Dobrunu River.

Last.fm
Last.fm is a music website from the UK. It started in 2002. It provides Internet radio, and a community for music discussion. It has more than 19 million users.

Damn_Small_Linux
Damn Small Linux or DSL is a free operating system for the x86 family of personal computers. It was designed to run graphical applications on older PC hardware—for example, machines with 486/early Pentium processors and very little memory. DSL is a Live CD with a size of 50 MB. What originally started as an experiment to see how much software could fit in 50 MB eventually became a full-fledged Linux distribution. It can be installed on storage media with small capacities, like bootable business cards, USB flash drives, various memory cards, and Zip drives.
History.
DSL was originally conceived and maintained by John Andrews. The community now includes Robert Shingledecker, who created the MyDSL system, DSL Control Panel, and other features.
DSL was originally based on Model-K, a 22 MB stripped-down version of Knoppix, but soon after was based on Knoppix proper, allowing much easier remastering and improvements.
System requirements.
DSL supports only x86 PCs. The minimum system requirements are a 486 processor and 8 MB of RAM. DSL has been demonstrated browsing the web with Dillo, running simple games and playing music on systems with a 486 processor and 16 MB of RAM. The system requirements are higher for running Mozilla Firefox and optional add-ons such as the OpenOffice.org office suite.
Features.
DSL has built-in scripts to download and install Advanced Packaging Tool (APT). Once APT is enabled, the user can install packages from Debian's 'Woody' repository. Additionally, DSL hosts software ranging from large applications like OpenOffice.org and GCC, to smaller ones such as aMSN, by means of the "MyDSL" system, which allows convenient one-click download and installation of software. Files hosted on MyDSL are called "extensions". As of June 2008, the MyDSL servers were hosting over 900 applications, plugins, and other extensions.
The MyDSL system.
MyDSL is handled and maintained mostly by Robert Shingledecker and hosted by many organizations, such as ibiblio and Belgium's BELNET. There are 2 areas of MyDSL - regular and "testing". The regular area contains extensions that have been proven stable enough for everyday use and is broken down into different areas such as "apps", "net", "system", and "uci" ("Universal Compressed ISO" - Extensions in.uci format are mounted as a separate filesystem to minimize RAM usage). The "testing" area is for newly submitted extensions that theoretically work 'as advertised', but may have any number of bugs.
Versions and ports.
The standard flavour of DSL is the Live CD. There are also other versions available.
Live USB.
A Live USB of Damn Small Linux can be created manually or with UNetbootin..

Alexain
Alexain is a commune of 402 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Athée,_Mayenne
Athée is a commune of 488 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La_Bazouge-des-Alleux
La Bazouge-des-Alleux is a commune of 262 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Blandouet
Blandouet is a commune of 157 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Strugariu_River
The Strugariu River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania. That means it flows into the Râuşor.

Tinker_Bell_(movie)
Tinker Bell is a Disney movie based on the character from Peter Pan. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on October 28, 2008. Unlike the other two Disney movies of Peter Pan, this movie was animated completely using computer animation. This was also the first time that the Disney version of Tinker Bell talked.
The original name of the movie was "Tinker Bell and the Ring of Belief".
The story.
Enter the magical world of fairies and meet the enchanting creatures of Pixie Hollow, who "nurture nature" and bring about the change of the seasons. Changing the colors of the leaves, moving a sunbeam to melt snow, waking animals from their winter slumber, or giving a patch of sproutlings a sprinkle of water are all within the realm of these seasonal specialists. Tinker Bell thinks her fairy talent as a "tinker" isn't as special or important as the other fairies' talents. But when Tink tries to change who she is, she creates nothing but disaster! With encouragement from her friends Rosetta, Silvermist, Fawn and Iridessa, Tink learns the key to solving her problems lies in her unique tinker abilities and discovers that when shes true to herself, magical things can happen.
Soundtrack.
The movie's soundtrack was released on October 14, 2008, a week before the DVD release and contains songs from and inspired by the film.
Release.
The movie saw an exclusive theatrical release at the El Capitan Theatre between September 19 and October 2nd. It will also premiere on Disney Channel in November as part of "New in November."

Galeşu_River
The Galeşu River is a tributary of the Sibişel River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sibişel River.

Brée
Brée is a commune of 459 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Changé,_Mayenne
Changé is a commune of 5261 people (2007). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Error_detection_and_correction
Error detection and correction is the name for a number of technologies that are used to make sure that information or data is not corrupted, that it still makes sense.
Detecting an error.
There are different ways to make sure an error can be detected. This is done by adding more data or information to the data transmitted. Adding more data than needed is called redundancy.

Four_State_Area
The "Four State Area" is a term used to describe the four corner region of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma with the Joplin, Missouri and Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers, Arkansas metropolitan areas included within.

Stillwater,_Oklahoma
Stillwater is a city in Payne County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 39,065 at the 2000 census.
Stillwater is also the home of Oklahoma State University.

Francisco_Vázquez_de_Coronado
Francisco Vázquez de Coronado y Luján (ca. 1510 – September 22, 1554) was a Spanish conquistador, who visited New Mexico and other parts of what are now the southwestern United States between 1540 and 1542. He died in 1554

Beaver_County,_Oklahoma
Beaver County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2000, the population is 5,857. Its county seat is Beaver.

Comanche_County,_Oklahoma
Comanche County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2000, the population was 114,996. Its county seat is Lawton.

The_Football_League_1964-65
Statistics of The Football League in season 1964/1965.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Manchester United won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Newcastle United won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 24 teams, and Carlisle United won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 24 teams, and Brighton & Hove Albion won the championship.

Alexandra_(Lykrophon)
Alexandra is a work by the Greek poet Lykrohon, who is only known through this work. It was written between 196 and 190 BC. The work has 1474 lines, which are done in jambic trimeters. This is what most Greek tragedies were written in.
The story.
Paris left for Sparta, to abduct Helena, the wife of Menelaos. This was going to cause the Trojan War. Kassandra is left in the temple, guarded by someone instructed by Priamos, her father. The text is the report this guard gives to Priamos, about what Kassandra had said.
Kassandra (named ALexandra) first recalls how Herakles destroyed Troy. She then tells about the Trojan War. A large central part is devoted to how the Greek heroes return home. She tells about Odysseus, his travels, and how he went home to his wife Penelope. Penelope later kills him. Kassandra also tells how Aeneas successfully settled in Rome, and how Rome became a big empire. The final part of the poem is devoted to the "eternal war" between Europe and Asia, about the Persian Wars and Alexander the Great. Kassandra says that six generations after him, a relative will win over the Macendonians, which will end the warring. Kassandra's speech ends with resignation, as she cannot stop the events. The guard ends his speech with a blessing for the Trojans.
The language.
The dark language of the poem comes from its vocabulary, its use of special, and old forms of words. Of about 3000 words of the poem, 518 words are only known from this poem, 117 occur in this poem for the first time. The main problems with this poem are that the persons are usually not named. Rather they are described with what they did. Geographical places are similarly unnamed, and only described using places in them. Many scholars have tried to identify places and people, in some cases this is no longer possible though.

Karl_Lagerfeld
Karl Lagerfeld (born Karl Otto Lagerfeldt on September 10, 1933 in Hamburg, Germany) is a fashion designer. Many people seee him as one of the most influential ones of the late 20th century. He has made fashion for many different labels, for example Chanel, Chloé and Fendi. He also owns several labels, which he launched in the early 1980s. He also owns labels making perfumes. He has designed clorthes for many leading artists.

Colombiers-du-Plessis
Colombiers-du-Plessis is a commune of 514 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Courbeveille
Courbeveille is a commune of 488 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Deux-Évailles
Deux-Évailles is a commune of 152 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Gastines
Gastines is a commune of 162 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Carlos_Sastre
Carlos Sastre Candil (born 22 April 1975 in Leganés, Madrid) is a Spanish cyclist. He races for Team CSC Saxo Bank and he won the Tour de France in 2008. He is a climbing specialist and has been very consistent, finishing consistently in the top 10 of the Vuelta and the Tour de France.
In 2009, his contract expires with CSC, and will probably have to find another team.

Moşuni_River
The Moşuni River is a tributary of the Valea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea River.

Musk_Ox
Muskox ("Ovibos moschatus") are large, long-haired, horned mammals that are well-adapted to their cold, Arctic environment. They are found in the far north of Canada, Alaska, Greenland, Norway, Siberia, and some Arctic islands.
Diet.
Musk oxen are herbivores (plant-eaters) that graze on grasses, willow leaves, and some Arctic flowers. They are ruminants; they swallow their food without chewing it. Later, they regurgitate the food (called a cud) and chew it. Musk Oxen, like other ruminants, have a four-part stomach.
Behavior.
Musk oxen travel in herds. The herd protects the young from predators, like wolves. When in danger, a herd will close ranks, with the musk oxen on the perimeter of the group facing outwards.

Creek_County,_Oklahoma
Creek County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2000, the population was 67,367. Its county seat is Sapulpa.

Ellis_County,_Oklahoma
Ellis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2000, the population was 4,075. Its county seat is Arnett.

Bureau_of_Indian_Affairs
The Bureu of Indian Affairs was formed in 1824 to deal with Native Americans inside the United States.

Hughes_County,_Oklahoma
Hughes County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2000, the population is 14,154. Its county seat is Holdenville.

Beica_River_(Mureş)
The Beica River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mureş River.

Marshall_County,_Oklahoma
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2000, the population is 13,184. Its county seat is Madill.

Osage_County,_Oklahoma
Osage County is the largest county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2000, the population was 44,437. Its county seat is Pawhuska.

Sequoyah_County,_Oklahoma
Sequoyah County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of 2000, the population was 38,972. Its county seat is Sallisaw.

English_Premier_League_1994-95
Statistics of English Premier League in season 1994/1995.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Blackburn Rovers won the championship.

Football_League_Third_Division
Football League Third Division was the old name for the Football League Two.

Roberto_Baggio
Roberto Baggio (born 18 February, 1967) is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team.

Boxing_Day
Boxing Day is a public holiday in the United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand and Australia. It is also a holiday in many other countries in the Commonwealth of Nations. It is based on a long custom of giving gifts to poor people.
It is usually celebrated on 26 December, the day after Christmas Day;. In some countries the public holiday is moved to the next weekday if 26 December is a Saturday or Sunday.
Origins.
Boxing Day is an old custom going back to the Middle Ages. The main feature is the giving of gifts to workers or to poor people. The name has many different histories.

The_Football_League_1981-82
Statistics of The Football League in season 1981/1982.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Liverpool won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Luton Town won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 24 teams, and Burnley won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 24 teams, and Sheffield United won the championship.

Outdoors
Outdoors is a word that means that something is not in a building. It is the opposite of indoors. Sometimes people talk about the "great outdoors." They are talking about nature. People do many things outdoors, like playing sports and eating. People enjoy the fresh air they get when they go outdoors.

Lehigh_Valley_Ironpigs
The Lehigh Valley Ironpigs is a minor league baseball affiliate of the Philadelphia Phillies. They play in Allentown, Pennsylvania.

Juvigné
Juvigné is a commune of 1 340 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Launay-Villiers
Launay-Villiers is a commune of 350 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Vulcăniţa_River_(Şercaia)
The Vulcăniţa River is a tributary of the Holbav River in Romania. That means it flows into the Holbav River

Şopteriu_River
The Şopteriu River or Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lechinţa River.

Şincai_River
The Şincai River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lechinţa River.

Bologa_River
The Bologa River is a tributary of the Şesu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Şesu River.

KWord
KWord is a free word processor, a part of the KOffice project and of the K Desktop Environment.
The text-layout scheme in KWord is based on frames, making it look like Adobe FrameMaker. These can be placed anywhere on the page, and can include text, graphics and embedded objects. Each new page is a new frame, but the text is able to flow through KWord’s ability to link frames together. The use of frames means that complex graphical layouts can be achieved easily in KWord.
History.
KWord was created as part of the KOffice project in 1998 using some ideas from FrameMaker such as the frames approach. The first author said that the application and its code were not the best since it was his first object-oriented application.
In 2000 the KWord application was created in a way that made it very hard to fix problems and nobody was working on the problems anymore. There had not been any official release of the application in all this time. In the same year a new maintainer started working on the application and over the duration of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 they worked to fix any problems in the code of the application.

Vucova_River
The Vucova River is a tributary of the Şurgani River in Romania. That means it flows into the Şurgani River.

Arthur_Mutambara
Arthur Guseni Oliver Mutambara (born May 25, 1966) is a Zimbabwean politician. He became the President of a faction of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) in February 2006. He has worked as the Managing Director and CEO of Africa Technology and Business Institute since September 2003.

Self-Monitoring,_Analysis_and_Reporting_Technology
Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology, or S.M.A.R.T. is a system to watch computer hard disks to help stop the risk of failures. It does this by watching reliability of the hard disks to try and see when a failure might happen and where.
Background.
Predictable failures can be detected by certain monitoring devices. This is like a thermometer in a vehicle that can alert the driver to do something before serious damage occurs, for example because the engine is too hot.
About 60% of all drive failures are caused by failing mechanics. Most mechanical failures result from gradual wear. An eventual failure may be catastrophic. Before complete failure occurs, there are usually certain signs that failure is imminent. These may include increased heat output, a more noisy drive, problems with reading or writing data and a big increase in the number of damaged disk sectors.
The purpose of S.M.A.R.T. is to warn a user or system administrator that a drive is about to fail. At the time of the warning, there is usually still time to do certain things to prevent data loss, for example copying the data to a different drive. Approximately 30% of failures can be predicted by S.M.A.R.T. Work at Google on over 100,000 drives has shown little overall predictive value of S.M.A.R.T. status as a whole. The study suggests that certain sub-categories of information which some S.M.A.R.T. implementations track "do" correlate with actual failure rates. In the 60 days after the first scan error on a drive, the drive is 39 times more likely to fail on average than it would have been had no such error occurred. Also, first errors in reallocations, offline reallocations and probational counts are strongly correlated to higher probabilities of failure.
History and predecessors.
The industry's first hard disk monitoring technology was introduced by IBM in 1992 in their IBM 9337 Disk Arrays for 400 servers using IBM 0662 SCSI-2 disk drives. Later it was named Predictive Failure Analysis (PFA) technology. It was measuring several key device health parameters and evaluating them within the drive firmware. Communications between the physical unit and the monitoring software were limited to a binary result – namely, either "device is OK" or "drive is likely to fail soon".
Later, another variant, which was named IntelliSafe, was created by computer manufacturer Compaq and disk drive manufacturers Seagate, Quantum, and Conner. The disk drives would measure the disk’s "health parameters", and the values would be transferred to the operating system and user-space monitoring software. Each disk drive vendor was free to decide which parameters were to be included for monitoring, and what their thresholds should be. The unification was at the protocol level with the host.
Compaq submitted their implementation to Small Form Committee for standardization in early 1995. It was supported by IBM, by Compaq's development partners Seagate, Quantum, and Conner, and by Western Digital, who did not have a failure prediction system at the time. The Committee chose IntelliSafe's approach, as it provided more flexibility. The resulting jointly developed standard was named S.M.A.R.T.
SMART Information.
The technical documentation for SMART is in the AT Attachment (ATA) standard.
The most basic information that SMART provides is the SMART status. It provides only two values: "threshold not exceeded" and "threshold exceeded". Often these are represented as "drive OK" or "drive fail" respectively. A "threshold exceeded" value is intended to indicate that there is a relatively high probability that the drive will not be able to honour its specification in the future – that is, the drive is "about to fail". The predicted failure may be catastrophic or may be something as subtle as the inability to write to certain sectors, or perhaps slower performance than the manufacturer's declared minimum.
The SMART status does not necessarily indicate the drive's past or present reliability. If a drive has already failed catastrophically, the SMART status may be inaccessible. Alternatively, if a drive has experienced problems in the past, but the sensors no longer detect such problems, the SMART status may, depending on the manufacturer's programming, suggest that the drive is now sound.
The inability to "read" some sectors is not always an indication that a drive is about to fail. One way that unreadable sectors may be created, even when the drive is functioning within specification, is through a sudden power failure while the drive is writing. In order to prevent this problem, modern hard drives will always finish writing at least the current sector immediately after the power fails (typically using rotational energy from the disk). Also, even if the physical disk is damaged at one location, such that a certain sector is unreadable, the disk may be able to use spare space to replace the bad area, so that the sector can be overwritten.
More detail on the health of the drive may be obtained by examining the SMART Attributes. SMART Attributes were included in some drafts of the ATA standard, but were removed before the standard became final. The meaning and interpretation of the attributes varies between manufacturers, and are sometimes considered a trade secret for one manufacturer or another. Attributes are further discussed below.
Drives with SMART may optionally support a number of 'logs'. The "error log" records information about the most recent errors that the drive has reported back to the host computer. Examining this log may help one to determine whether computer problems are disk-related or caused by something else.
A drive supporting SMART may optionally support a number of self-test or maintenance routines, and the results of the tests are kept in the "self-test log". The self-test routines may be used to detect any unreadable sectors on the disk, so that they may be restored from back-up sources (for example, from other disks in a RAID). This helps to reduce the risk of incurring permanent loss of data.
Standards and implementation.
Many motherboards will display a warning message when a disk drive is approaching failure. Although an industry standard among most major hard drive manufacturers, there are some remaining issues and much proprietary "secret knowledge" held by individual manufacturers as to their specific approach. As a result, S.M.A.R.T. is not always implemented correctly on many computer platforms, due to the absence of industry-wide software & hardware standards for S.M.A.R.T. data interchange.
From a legal perspective, the term "S.M.A.R.T." refers only to a signalling method between internal disk drive electromechanical sensors and the host computer. Hence, a drive may be claimed by its manufacturers to include S.M.A.R.T. support even if it does not include, say, a temperature sensor, which the customer might reasonably expect to be present. Moreover, in the most extreme case, a disk manufacturer could, in theory, produce a drive which includes a sensor for just "one" physical attribute, and then legally advertise the product as "S.M.A.R.T. compatible".
Depending on the type of interface being used, some S.M.A.R.T.-enabled motherboards and related software may not communicate with certain S.M.A.R.T.-capable drives. For example, few external drives connected via USB and Firewire correctly send S.M.A.R.T. data over those interfaces. With so many ways to connect a hard drive (SCSI, Fibre Channel, ATA, SATA, SAS, SSA, and so on), it is difficult to predict whether S.M.A.R.T. reports will function correctly in a given system.
Even on hard drives and interfaces that support it, S.M.A.R.T. information may not be reported correctly to the computer's operating system. Some disk controllers can duplicate all write operations on a secondary "back-up" drive in real time. This feature is known as "RAID mirroring". However, many programs which are designed to analyze changes in drive behaviour and relay S.M.A.R.T. alerts to the operator do not function properly when a computer system is configured for RAID support. Generally this is because, under normal RAID operational conditions, the computer is not permitted by the RAID subsystem to 'see' (or directly access) individual physical drives, but may access only logical volumes instead.
On the Windows platform, many programs designed to monitor and report S.M.A.R.T. information will function only under an administrator account. At present, S.M.A.R.T. is implemented individually by manufacturers, and while some aspects are standardized for compatibility, others are not.
ATA S.M.A.R.T. Attributes.
Each drive manufacturer defines a set of attributes, and sets threshold values beyond which attributes should not pass under normal operation. Each attribute has a "raw value", whose meaning is entirely up to the drive manufacturer (but often corresponds to counts or a physical unit, such degrees Celsius or seconds), and a normalized value, which ranges from 1 to 253 (with 1 representing the worst case and 253 representing the best). Depending on the manufacturer, a value of 100 or 200 will often be chosen as the "normal" value.
Manufacturers that have supported at least one S.M.A.R.T. attribute in various products include: Samsung, Seagate, IBM (Hitachi), Fujitsu, Maxtor, Toshiba, Western Digital and ExcelStor Technology.
Threshold Exceeds Condition.
Threshold Exceeds Condition (TEC) is a supposed date when a critical drive statistic attribute will reach its threshold value. When Drive Health software reports a "Nearest T.E.C.", it should be regarded as a "Failure date".
Prognosis of this date is based on the factor "Speed of attribute change"; how many points each month the value is decreasing/increasing. This factor is calculated automatically at any change of S.M.A.R.T. attributes for each attribute individually. Note that TEC dates are not guarantees; hard drives can and will either last much longer or fail much sooner than the date given by a TEC.

Martigné-sur-Mayenne
Martigné-sur-Mayenne is a commune of 1 309 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Montjean,_Mayenne
Montjean is a commune of 797 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Olivet,_Mayenne
Olivet is a commune of 381 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Native_Command_Queuing
Native Command Queuing (NCQ) is a technology designed to increase performance of SATA hard disks. It can do this under certain situations by allowing the individual hard disk to internally optimize the order in which it executes the read and write requests it received. This can reduce the amount of unnecessary drive head movement and resulting in better performance (and slightly decreased wear of the drive) for workloads where multiple read/write requests are outstanding at the same time. This situation most often occurs in server-type applications. However, the current (as of 2004) technology actually slows down HD access in certain applications, like games and sequential reads & writes, because of the added latency induced by NCQ logic.
Native Command Queuing was preceded by Parallel ATA's version of Tagged Command Queuing (TCQ). ATA's attempt at integrating TCQ was constrained by the requirement that ATA host bus adapters use ISA bus device protocols to interact with the operating system. The resulting high CPU overhead and negligible performance gain contributed to a lack of market acceptance for TCQ.
NCQ differs from PATA TCQ in that the command re-ordering is performed by the drive rather than the operating system, and each command is equal in importance. This is preferable since the drive has the most knowledge of its performance characteristics, and is able to take rotational position into account. NCQ and PATA TCQ have a maximum queue length of 32 in-flight commands (31 in practice), while SCSI TCQ has a maximum queue length of 264 in-flight commands.
For NCQ to be enabled, it must be supported and enabled in the SATA host bus adapter and in the hard drive itself. The appropriate device driver must be loaded into the operating system to enable NCQ on the host bus adapter. Many newer chipsets support the Advanced Host Controller Interface (AHCI), which should allow a generic driver supplied by the operating system to control them and enable NCQ. In fact, newer mainstream Linux kernels support AHCI natively. Unfortunately, Windows XP requires the installation of a vendor-specific driver even if AHCI is present on the host bus adapter. Windows Vista corrects this situation by including a generic AHCI driver.

Pontmain
Pontmain is a commune of 893 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

La_Rouaudière
La Rouaudière is a commune of 333 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière
Saint-Berthevin-la-Tannière is a commune of 384 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Denis-du-Maine
Saint-Denis-du-Maine is a commune of 307 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Georges-sur-Erve
Saint-Georges-sur-Erve is a commune of 342 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Léger,_Mayenne
Saint-Léger is a commune of 231 people (2004). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ouën-des-Toits
Saint-Ouën-des-Toits is a commune of 1 435 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet
Saint-Saturnin-du-Limet is a commune of 546 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Thubœuf
Thubœuf is a commune of 231 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France
Thuboeuf is famous for it hoeing community like
For free Hoes visit the marie for more info and prizes.
However recently there was hoe down disaster, the maire was invited, and he pumped them with his iron which he was given for christams the cock was never recovered.
If you edit this page i will hunt you down and have a hoe down with you animals and show your goatse stach to you mum ! biatch! long live miss goatsy !

Voutré
Voutré is a commune of 821 people (1999). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.

Gesele_River
The Gesele River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mureş River.

Doncea_River
The Doncea River or Donca River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania. That means it flows into the Donca River.

Răstoliţa_River
The Răstoliţa River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Mureş River. It starts at where the Secu and Tihul Rivers meet.

1967_NHL_Expansion
The National Hockey League (NHL) went through an expansion for the 1967–68 NHL season, adding six new franchises and doubling the size of the league. This marked the first change in the composition of the league since 1942.
The expansion process began in March 1965, when NHL President Clarence Campbell announced that the league proposed to expand its operations through the formation of a second six-team division.

Vince_Vaughn
Vincent Anthony "Vince" Vaughn (born March 28, 1970) is an American film actor.

Whitey_Wistert
Francis Michael "Whitey" Wistert (born February 20, 1912 in, died April 23, 1985 in) was an American football and baseball player. He played college football for the University of Michigan Wolverines. He was added into the College Football Hall of Fame after he was elected to it in 1967. He and his two brothers are three of the seven players who have had their uniform numbers retired by Michigan Wolverines football. While at college, Wistert helped Michigan win the Big Ten Conference football championship in 1931, 1932, and 1933. He was also Big Ten Most Valuable Player in college baseball. He later played for the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball.
College athletics.
Wistert graduated from Chicago's Schurz High School in 1929. He attended the University of Michigan where he was an athlete in both football and baseball in 1931, 1932, and 1933.
The Wistert brothers of Michigan.
Wistert played for the Michigan Wolverines before his two brothers, Al Wistert and Alvin Wistert, did. All three Wistert brothers wore the number 11 for the Wolverines football team, and all three were members of the College Football All-America team, which is the best players through all of the United States. When interviewed by the "Detroit News" in 2004, brother Alvin Wistert said, "And if I'm not mistaken I think this is unprecedented in the annals of college football: that three brothers all would go to the same school, all played football. All played tackle, all wore the same number 11, all made All-American. Two of us played on four national championship teams. They all made it into the College Football Hall of Fame."
The Wistert brothers grew up on the northwest side of Chicago and were the sons of a Lithuanian family. Their father was a Spanish-American War veteran, who later died while working for the Chicago Police Department. Brother Alvin Wistert said that their father, "was born Casmir Vistertus and he Anglicized it when he came to America to Wistert."
The story of the Wistert brothers at Michigan began when Whitey's Carl Schurz High School school-mate John Kowalik was invited to visit the University of Michigan. At the time, Whitey Wistert "was working in a factory building "Majestic radios"." Kowalik took Whitey with him on his visit Ann Arbor, Michigan, and Alvin Wistert later said, "that's how it started: the Wisterts of Michigan."
Football.
As a football player, Wistert played for National Championship teams that never lost a game in 1932 and 1933 and was a chosen All-American in 1933. The 1934 University of Michigan yearbook, the "Michiganensian", had this to say by Grantland Rice: "Wistert was unanimously selected as the best tackle in the Middle-West this year. He was an important part of Michigan's defensive line play. He was a very good tackler and it was nearly impossible to fool him on trick plays. He was keen, quick, and accurate in finding out how a play would happen." Wistert and Chuck Bernard were the leaders of the 1933 offensive line when the team went 7-0-1 with a tie to the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers.
One of Wistert's teammates on the 1932 and 1933 Michigan football teams was Gerald Ford who later became the U.S. President. In an interview in the February 1974 copy of "Michigan Alumnus", Wistert said about Ford: "He was a real good competitor—a real bulldog type. Even during a losing year, he was voted team Most Valuable Player by his teammates, because they believed he was someone who could stay and fight even when they lose." In 1936, he was a member Michigan football coaching staff of Coach Harry Kipke.
Baseball.
Wistert earned varsity letters in baseball three years. He was chosen as the Most Valuable Player in the Big Ten Conference in 1934. The 1934 "Michiganensian" yearbook wrote that the final game of the baseball season was a 4–0 shutout by Wistert against the University of Chicago Maroon. It wrote, "Wistert, for the Wolves, allowed only five well-scattered hits during the game. Although Whitey Wistert walked four men, he more than off-set this by striking out nine of the Maroons to face him." Wistert also allowed, as the pitcher, Ohio State four hits in a game.
Professional baseball.
Wistert, still being a minor league baseball player, played for a short while in Major League Baseball, playing in three games for the Cincinnati Reds between September 11, 1934 and September 25, 1934. In two times he pitched, Wistert let only one run in eight innings, for a career earned run average of 1.13. Though, in the three times he batted, he went did not hit the ball, so he struck out twice. Although he only played for a short while in Major League Baseball, Wistert played five years of professional baseball. Fellow 1933 Michigan Wolverines football All-American, Ted Petoskey also debuted for the Reds in September 1934.
Honors.
Wistert became part of the College Football Hall of Fame in 1967, one year before his brother Albert did so. In 1981, he was named to the University of Michigan Hall of Honor in the fourth class of Hall of Fame joiners with his brothers. Only five other Michigan football players earned this honor before him.
Non-athletic.
Wistert became a New York lawyer after he retired from sports. He went on to become a vice president of an industrial relations in. He was United States Navy lieutenant in World War II.

Chicago_Police_Department
The Chicago Police Department, also known as the CPD, is the main law enforcement agency of the City of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States, under the jurisdiction of the city mayor. It is the largest police department in the Midwest and the second largest in the United States after the New York City Police Department with over 13,600 sworn officers and over 2,600 other employees. Dating back to 1837, the Chicago Police Department is one of the oldest modern police forces in the world.

Alvin_Wistert
Alvin "Moose" Wistert (June 26 1916 – October 3 2005) was an American Football player.

Pau,_France
Pau is an town in the Aquitaine région in the south of France. Pau is the prefecture of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques département. Its population is around 79,000.

Argenteuil
Argenteuil is a town northwest of Paris, France. Argenteuil is a sub-prefecture of the Val-d'Oise department.
Argenteuil is the second most populated town in the suburbs of Paris (after Boulogne-Billancourt) and the most populated commune in the Val-d'Oise department; however it is not the prefecture. Its population is about 94,000 (1999).
Claude Monet painted things in Argenteuil many times.

University_of_Minnesota
The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (U of M or The U) is the oldest and largest part of the University of Minnesota system.

Vonţ_River
The Vonţ River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Interstate_5
Interstate 5 (sometimes called I-5) is a 1,381.29-mile long Interstate Highway in the states of California, Oregon, and Washington. The road goes from Mexican Federal Highway 1 at the United States-Mexican border to British Columbia Highway 99 at the United States-Mexican border.

Voiteg_River
The Voiteg River or Valea Seacă River or Matei River is a tributary of the Lanca Birda River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lanca Birda River.

Eugowra,_New_South_Wales
Eugowra is a town in the central west of New South Wales, Australia. The town is placed west of the state capital, Sydney. At the 2006 census, 535 people lived in Eugowra.
The word "Eugowra" comes from an Australian aboriginal word meaning "the place where the sand washes down the hill". The first people to live in the Eugowra area were the Wiradjuri people. Europeans first began exploring the area in 1815. John Oxley went through the area on his trip to explore the inland of NSW in 1817. Farming began at Eugowra station (farm) in 1834.
The town was started in the 1860s on the site of the farm. This was where the track for people going to the Lachlan gold fields crossed the Mandagery Creek. A bridge was built over the creek, and then the John Bull Hotel (later the Fat Lamb Hotel) was built next to it. In 1881, the town was laid out and a police station, courthouse and school were built.. The creek has flooded many times; in 2005 it had a flood peak of 9 metres. This cut the town in two, and flowed through many buildings and houses.
The Gold Escort robbery.
Australia's biggest gold robbery took place near Eugowra. The bushrangers, Frank Gardiner, Ben Hall and their group robbed the Forbes to Orange Ford and Company coach on 15 June 1862. The bushrangers stole 77 kilograms of gold and £3,700 in in cash. The value in 2008 money is about A$4 million. The site of the robbery was a gully 5km north of Eugowra, known as Eugowra Rocks. Coaches and wagons had to slow down to get around a steep gully which went down to Mandagery Creek. They also had to get passed many large granite rocks. One of these rocks was called "Coonbong" (dead man) by the Wiradjuri people. Gardiner’s gang stopped 2 bullock wagons and left them in the middle of the road. When the gold escort coach arrived it had to slow right down and try to get passed the wagons. The bushrangers, hidden behind the rocks, fired their guns at the coach. The coach driver and 2 policemen were wounded. One policeman had been shot in the testicles. The horses reared up and the coach was tipped on its side. One policemen assisted the wounded and they escaped into the bush. They went towards the Eugowra farm house for help. The other policeman went back down the road to a small hotel, Lyell's Shanty.
The bushrangers took the gold and money. They put it onto the back of one of the coach horses. They went back to their horses which had been hidden up the hill. They escaped into the bush and stopped at the southern end of Noble’s Lagoon to share out the bags of gold. They went to Mount Wheogo, north of the Weddin Mountains, where Gardiner had his camp.
A local farmer, Hanbury Clements, heard the gun shots and went to find out what was going on. He found the wounded men and helped them back to the farm house. He got on to his horse and rode the 27 miles to Forbes in the dark in less than 3 hours to report the robbery. The police arrived quickly, and with the help of an aboriginal tracker, Jimmy Dargan, they were soon following the bushrangers. Gardiner’s camp at Wheogo had a good view of the country. John "the Warrigal Walsh" (the brother of Ben Hall's wife) warned the bushrangers that the police were coming and the gang got away.
Most of the gold was still loaded on the back of the very tired coach horse. The bushrangers finally had to leave the horse in the foothills of the Weddin Mountains. They only took the money with them. The police got most of the gold back. Only Ben Hall and Frank Gardiner's share of the gold was not found.
Eugowra today.
Today, the town has a supermarket, 2 hotels, a newsagent, a butcher and golf and bowling clubs. There is also farm supplies, a lucerne plant and a sawmill. Eugowra is famous for its granite. More than 2000 slabs of granite were used in the new Parliament House, Canberra in Canberra.

KPresenter
KPresenter is a free presentation program that is part of KOffice, an office suite for the KDE Desktop Environment.
KPresenter's native format is XML, compressed with ZIP. KPresenter is also able to load presentations from Microsoft PowerPoint, MagicPoint and OpenOffice.org Impress documents.

Paul_London
Paul Sanchez-Garcia London (born April 16, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He was formally signed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) performing on its Raw brand.
After being trained at the Texas Wrestling Academy, London began competing for Ring of Honor, where although he never won a title, began popular amongst the fans due to his high risk offensive moves. He later competed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, Pro Wrestling ZERO-ONE, and various independent promotions, winning numerous championships and won the ECWA Super 8 Tournament in 2003.
London made his debut in WWE in late 2003, and immediately began teaming with fellow cruiserweight Spanky, (Brian Kendrick). After Kendrick briefly left WWE, London formed a tag team with Billy Kidman, and together they won the WWE Tag Team Championship. After their split, London began competing in the cruiserweight division, and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. In late 2006, Kendrick returned, and the two reformed as a team. London and Kendrick were previously managed by WWE Diva, Ashley Massaro, who London has previously dated. The team split when Kendrick was drafted to the SmackDown brand in June 2008.
In WWE, London is a former WWE Cruiserweight Champion, World Tag Team Champion, and two-time WWE Tag Team Champion. During his second reign as WWE Tag Team champion, London and his partner, Brian Kendrick, became the longest reigning WWE Tag Team Champions since the title's creation.
He was released from his WWE contract in late 2008.

Avenel,_Victoria
Avenel is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is in the Shire of Strathbogie local government area. At the 2006 census, 728 people lived in Avenel. The town was built on the old Hume Highway. The new Hume Freeway now goes around the town. The town has sporting clubs for football, netball, tennis, cricket and lawn bowls. The town is about 15 minutes north-east of Seymour along the Hume Highway.
Bushranger Ned Kelly lived in Avenel when he was young. He saved a boy from drowning in Hughes Creek and was given a green silk sash as a reward. He was wearing this sash under his armour when he was captured by the police after the Siege of Glenrowan. His brother and father are buried in the Avenel cemetery.
There is a railway station in Avenel which is on the main line between Melbourne and Albury.

Vlăsia_Mare_River
The Vlăsia Mare River is a headwater of the Vlăsia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Vlăsia River.

Cioara_River_(Râul_Lung)
The Cioara River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania. That means it flows into the Râul Lung.

Anesthesiologist
The first Anesthesiologist was John Snow (1813-1858).

American_International_Group
American International Group, Inc. (AIG) (,) is a major American insurance corporation based in New York City. The companies UK headquarters are located in London, its Continental Europe operations are based in Paris and its Asian HQ is in Hong Kong. According to the 2008 Forbes Global 2000 list, AIG was the 18th-largest company in the world. It became part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average on April 8, 2004.
On September 16 2008, the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank announced its plan to lend the insurer $85 billion, U.S. dollars, in exchange for a 79.9% equity stake in the company.
AIG announced on the same day that its board accepted the terms of the Federal Reserve Bank's loan offer.

Crushcrushcrush
Crushcrushcrush is a single released by Pop rock band Paramore from their second album RIOT!
In the music video you can see the band performing. They are some spies also and it plays on the lyric "They taped over your mouth scribbled out the truth with their lies you little spies"
Crushcrushcrush is a download in Rock Band.

Villa_Park
Villa Park is a football stadium in Birmingham, England.
It is the current home stadium of Aston Villa.

Vlădila_River
The Vlădila River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Ronişoara_River
The Ronişoara River or Rona River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania. That means it flows into the Iza River.

Orpheus_and_Eurydice
The most famous story in which Orpheus figures is that of his wife Eurydice (also known as Agriope). While fleeing from Aristaeus (son of Apollo), Eurydice ran into a nest of snakes which bit her fatally on her heel. Distraught, Orpheus played such sad songs and sang so mournfully that all the nymphs and gods wept. On their advice, Orpheus traveled to the underworld and by his music softened the hearts of Hades and Persephone (he was the only person ever to do so), who agreed to allow Eurydice to return with him to earth on one condition: he should walk in front of her and not look back until they both had reached the upper world. In his anxiety he forgot that both needed to be in the upper world, and he turned to look at her, and she vanished for the second time, but now forever. The story in this form belongs to the time of Virgil, who first introduces the name of Aristaeus. Other ancient writers, however, speak of Orpheus' visit to the underworld; according to Phaedrus in Plato's Symposium (179d), the infernal gods only "presented an apparition" of Eurydice to him. Ovid says that Eurydice's death was not caused by fleeing from Aristaeus but by dancing with naiads on her wedding day.
The story of Eurydice may actually be a late addition to the Orpheus myths. In particular, the name Eurudike ("she whose justice extends widely") recalls cult-titles attached to Persephone. The myth may have been mistakenly derived from another Orpheus legend in which he travels to Tartarus and charms the goddess Hecate.

Win_(baseball)
A win is a statistic in Major League Baseball given to the pitcher for the winning team.

Ian_McCall
Ian Holland McCall (born September 30 1964 in Dumfries, Scotland) is a former Scottish footballer and currently the manager of First Division side Partick Thistle.

Livingston
Livingston is a town in the Scottish county of West Lothian. It is home to the Scottish First Division football club Livingston F.C.

Ruud_Gullit
Ruud Gullit is a former football player. He has played for Netherlands national team.

The_Football_League_1987-88
Statistics of The Football League in season 1987/1988.
Overview.
It was performed in 21 teams, and Liverpool won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 23 teams, and Millwall won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 24 teams, and Sunderland won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 24 teams, and Wolverhampton Wanderers won the championship.

Commodore_64_Games_System
Commodore 64 Games System was a cartridge based console made by Commodore. It was Commodore's first console and was released in December 1990. It was a commercial failure because Commodore could not market the console properly due to its lack of games and the fact it was an 8 bit console in a 16 bit era.

McDiarmid_Park
McDiarmid Park is the home stadium of St. Johnstone Football Club from Perth, Scotland. It has an all-seated capacity of 10,673. The record attendance is 10,525, which occurred on May 23, 1999, when Tayside rivals Dundee were the visitors for the last game of the season.

Văleni_River_(Câlneş)
The Văleni River is a tributary of the Câlneş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Câlneş River.

Bouleţ_River
The Bouleţ River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cracăul Alb River. It starts where the Bouleţul Mare and Bouleţul Mic Rivers meet.

Derzanul_River
The Derzanul River is a tributary of the Sas River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sas River.

Selah,_Washington
Selah is a city in the state of Washington.

Kennewick,_Washington
Kennewick is a city in the state of Washington.

Moraru_River_(Ploştina)
The Moraru River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania. That means it flows into the Ploştina River.

Visconti-Sforza_tarot_deck
The Visconti-Sforza tarot deck is the oldest known tarot deck. It was ordered to be made in the 15th century by Filippo Maria Visconti who was then the Duke of Milan. The name of the deck is used to describe various decks that have survived over time.

Haumea_(dwarf_planet)
Haumea is a dwarf planet in the Solar System. Its discovery was announced in 2005 by astronomers Michael E. Brown, Chad Trujillo and David Rabinowitz of the United States, and J. L. Ortiz of Spain. It was classified as a dwarf planet on September 17, 2008. Haumea is a Trans-Neptunian object, because it orbits the Sun after Neptune. It has two known moons, Hiʻiaka and Namaka.
Name.
Orginally the object was nicknamed 'Santa' as it was discovered shortly after Christmas. In 2008, the International Astronomical Union gave it the proper name Haumea, after a Hawaiian god of childbirth and fertility.

Tha_Carter_III
"The Carter III" is the 6th official studio album by rapper "Lil Wayne". The album contains singles like Lollipop, Got Money, A Milli, "Mrs. Officer", and "Mr. Carter". in the first two months after it's release, it became 2x platinum.

Vizma_River
The Vizma River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Miniş River.

Vezieş_River
The Vezieş River or Vizieş River is a tributary of the Sângeriş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sângeriş River.

Şoimu_River_(Cracău)
The Şoimu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cracăul Negru River.

Spit_It_Out
Spit It Out is the second single from the album "Slipknot" by metal band Slipknot.

Windows_7
Windows 7 (also known by the codenames Blackcomb and Vienna) is the next version of Microsoft Windows. It has a new taskbar called 'Superbar' and it looks like the taskbar from the Mac OS operating system. Computer manufactures will be able to customize the boot screen.
Development of Windows 7.
Development of windows 7 started after windows XP. Codename longhorn was meant to be released in 2005 but it was delayed because Microsoft was having problems with new technology.
In 2007, Microsoft stated that windows 7 is to be made in a 3 year timeframe.
Naming.
In October 2008, Microsoft have stated that the official name for the next version of windows will be known as windows 7.
Windows 2000 was version 5, Windows XP was version 5.1 and Windows Vista was version 6 so thefore, windows 7 will be version 6.1 because it's using the same kernel as vista.
Milestone 1.
The first known build of Windows 7 was called Milestone 1. It was the very first build of Windows 7 and it was a customised version of Windows Vista and the builder number was 6519.
Milestone 2.
Microsoft then released Windows 7 Milestone 2 which was shown to D6 conference. It had several new features such as a touch screen and the build number was 6589.
Milestone 3.
The next major build of Windows 7 was Milestone 3 build 6870. It had a few changes to the background in control panel. It had the ribbon interface in Microsoft Paint and WordPad. It had Internet Explorer 8 beta 2 and Windows Media player 12 beta.
Build 6801.
Microsoft presented a pre-beta version of Windows 7 build 6801. It was leaked to torrent sites and it could be only used for 30 days. It did not include the new taskbar like in the beta but there is an unoffical patch which can enable the new taskbar.
Pre Beta.
During the PDC conference, build 6933 was shown but was not handed out during the conference. 2 builds were leaked to the internet, build 6936 and build 6956 were leaked to torrent sites as a 32 bit version. A 64 bit version of build 6936 was also leaked.
Beta.
The beta was released on 10th Janurary 2009 and the customer preview program will be closed on 24th January 2009.
Release Candidate.
Windows 7 news has confirmed that the release candidate will be released on April 2009.
OEM release.
Windows 7 will be released to OEM's in Autum 2009.
Final Build.
The final release date will all depend on the feedback and reviews on the release candidate build.
Windows 7 Home Premium.
Windows 7 home premium will be the right edition for home users.
Windows 7 Professional.
Windows 7 Professional will be the edition for business users.
Windows 7 Ultimate.
Windows 7 Ultimate is the default version in beta and release candidate builds, and will have all the features in home premium and professional.

JeOS
JeOS is a version of Ubuntu designed for virtual machines.

Călugărul_River_(Horăiţa)
The Călugărul River is a tributary of the Horăiţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Horăiţa River.

Ted_Strickland
Ted Strickland (born August 4, 1941) is the Governor of the U.S. state of Ohio.

Xena
Xena is a fictional character in the TV series ' played by Lucy Lawless.

FAI_Premier_Division
FAI Premier Division is a football league which is top division in Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.

Athletic_Bilbao
Athletic Bilbao is a football club which plays in Spain.

Colombian_Professional_Football_1992
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1992.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and América Cali won the championship.

English_Premier_League_2007-08
Statistics of English Premier League in season 2007/2008.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and Manchester United won the championship.

Eratosthenes
Eratosthenes of Cyrene (Greek; 276 BC - 194 BC) was a Greek mathematician, poet, athlete, geographer and astronomer. He made several remarkable discoveries and inventions: he invented a system of latitude and longitude. He was the first person to calculate the circumference of the Earth (with remarkable accuracy), and the tilt of the earth's axis (again with remarkable accuracy); he may also have accurately calculated the distance from the earth to the sun and invented the leap day. He also created a map of the world based on the available geographical knowledge of the era. Eratosthenes was also the founder of scientific chronology; he wanted to fix the dates of the chief literary and political events from the conquest of Troy.

Vinul_Mic_River
The Vinul Mic River is a headwater of the Vinul River in Romania. That means it flows into the Vinul Mic.

Phagocyte
Phagocytes or Phagocytic cells are specialised cells that engulf and break down dirt or bacteria.

Vânturătoarea_River
The Vânturătoarea River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cerna River.

Entrepreneur
The Entrepreneur of a company or organization is the person who came up with the idea.

The_Football_League_1933-34
Statistics of The Football League in season 1933/1934.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Arsenal won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Grimsby Town won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Barnsley won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Norwich City won the championship.

The_Football_League_1939-40
Statistics of The Football League in season 1939/1940.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and it was not finished.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and it was not finished.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and it was not finished.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and it was not finished.

Vete_River
The Vete River is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bicăjel.

Down_on_the_Upside
"Down on the Upside" is the fifth and final studio album by Soundgarden.

Coat_of_Arms_of_Pakistan
The State Emblem of Pakistan was adopted in 1954. The emblem's green colour and the star and crescent at the top are symbols of Islam, the religion with which most Pakistani citizens identify. In the center is a quartered shield, with each quarter containing a major crop of Pakistan at the time of its adoption: cotton, jute, tea, and wheat. The floral wreath around the shield represents the Mughal cultural heritage of Pakistan. The scroll at the bottom contains the national motto in Urdu, coined by Muhammad Ali Jinnah, which reads from right to left: (Urdu: ایمان ، اتحاد ، نظم) "Iman, Ittehad, Nazm" translated as "Faith, Unity, Discipline".

List_of_Soundgarden_band_members
Soundgarden was an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1984 by lead singer and drummer Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. The drummer position was originally filled by Cornell, who played drums while singing, but in 1985 the band enlisted Scott Sundquist to allow Cornell to concentrate on vocals. The band's first recordings were three songs that appeared on a compilation for Z Records called "Deep Six".
In 1986, Sundquist, who by that point had a wife and a child, decided to leave the band and spend time with his family. He was replaced by Matt Cameron, the drummer for Skin Yard, who became Soundgarden's permanent drummer. This line-up released the extended plays "Screaming Life" in 1987 and "Fopp" in 1988, and the studio albums "Ultramega OK" in 1988 and "Louder Than Love" in 1989. Following the release of "Louder Than Love", Yamamoto left the band to finish his Master's degree in Physical Chemistry at Western Washington University. He was replaced by former Nirvana guitarist Jason Everman. Everman was fired following Soundgarden's tour supporting "Louder Than Love". His only contribution for Soundgarden was the band's cover of The Beatles song "Come Together".
In 1990, the band was joined by a new bassist, Ben Shepherd. With the addition of Shepherd, Soundgarden's line-up would not change for the remainder of its existence. Soundgarden subsequently released "Badmotorfinger" in 1991, "Superunknown" in 1994, and "Down on the Upside" in 1996. Tensions within the group arose during the "Down on the Upside" sessions, with Thayil and Cornell reportedly clashing over Cornell's desire to shift away from the heavy guitar riffing that had become the band's trademark. In 1997, the band broke up due to internal strife over its creative direction. In a 1998 interview, Thayil said, "It was pretty obvious from everybody's general attitude over the course of the previous half year that there was some dissatisfaction."

Ligue_1_2003-04
Statistics of Ligue 1 in season 2003/2004.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and Olympique Lyonnais won the championship.

Temple_of_the_Dog
Temple of the Dog was an American rock band that formed in 1990 by Chris Cornell of Soundgarden as a tribute to his friend, the late Andrew Wood, lead singer of Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone. The line-up included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar, Jeff Ament on bass guitar (both ex-members of Mother Love Bone), Mike McCready on lead guitar, Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder, providing backing vocals.

Jason_Everman
Jason Everman (born August 16, 1967 in Kodiak, Alaska) is an American guitarist who played with Nirvana and Soundgarden.
Nirvana.
Everman joined Nirvana in February 1989 as a second guitarist. He is listed as being second guitarist on Nirvana's "Bleach", but did not actually play on any of the tracks. Nirvana founder Kurt Cobain said the credit was a token of thanks to Everman for paying a fee of US $606.17 to record the album. The cash was never repaid. Everman toured with Nirvana in summer of 1989 in support of "Bleach". During his time with Nirvana, he can sometimes be seen using Fender guitars, generally the Fender Telecaster.
A two-song Nirvana session featuring Everman on guitar is available, albeit in separate releases. A Kiss cover called "Do You Love Me?" was released on a tribute album and "Dive" was released on 2004's "With the Lights Out". Both tracks were recorded at Evergreen State College's 24-track studio in June 1989.
Soundgarden.
Everman left Nirvana in July 1989 following a stressful tour and joined Soundgarden the following year as Hiro Yamamoto's temporary successor on bass. In April 1990, he played on the band's cover of The Beatles' "Come Together", which appeared on an EP called "Loudest Love". Everman appeared in Soundgarden's "Louder Than Live" home video. Later in 1990, Everman left the band and Soundgarden found Yamamoto's ultimate successor, bassist Ben Shepherd.
The "Come Together" cover remains the only recorded Soundgarden material to feature Everman.
Mind Funk.
Everman's subsequent projects included a stint on guitar in Mind Funk. In September 1994, he left Mind Funk to join the Army 2nd Ranger Battalion and the Special Forces, serving tours in Afghanistan and Iraq.

Viezuroiu_River
The Viezuroiu River is a tributary of the Sâmbotin River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sâmbotin River.

Vida_River
The Vida River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania. That means it flows into the Holod River.

Cold_War_Kids
The Cold War Kids are an indie rock band. The members are Nathan Willett (lead vocalist, piano, guitar), Jonnie Russel (guitar, vocal, percussion), Matt Maust (bass guitar), and Matt Aveiro (drums). They met and formed the band in Fullerton, California, US.
They released their first album, "Robbers and Cowards", in 2006. Their second album, "Loyalty to Loyalty", was released in September 2008.

Book_of_Zephaniah
The Book of Zephaniah is a book of the Bible and is thought to be written by “Zephaniah son of Cushi son of Gedaliah son of Amariah son of Hezekiah, in the days of King Josiah son of Amon of Judah”.

Book_of_Habakkuk
The Book of Habakkuk is the eighth book of the 12 minor prophets of the Hebrew Bible. It is thought to be written by the prophet Habakkuk, and was probably composed in the late 7th century BC.

Colombian_Professional_Football_1950
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1950.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Deportivo Caldas won the championship.

Ali_Daei
Ali Daei is a former football player. He has played for Iran national team.

La_Liga_1995-96
Statistics of La Liga in season 1995/1996.
Overview.
It was contested by 22 teams, and Atlético Madrid won the championship.

1959-60_NHL_season
The 1959–60 NHL season was the 43rd season of the National Hockey League. The Montreal Canadiens were the Stanley Cup winners as they defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to none for their fifth straight Stanley Cup.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes played; GA = Goals against; SO = Shut outs; AVG = Goals against average"
Semifinals.
Chicago Black Hawks vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"
Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs
"Toronto wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 2"
Finals.
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"
Playoff leading scorers.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

Gray's_Anatomy_for_Students
Gray's Anatomy for Students is an anatomy textbook following the same idea as the famous Gray's Anatomy for medical students. The book is famous for its detailed drawings and style.
The first edition was published in 2004.

Chris_Jericho
Christopher Keith Irvine (born November 9, 1970), better known by his ring name Chris Jericho, is an American-born Canadian television and stage actor, author, radio host, rock musician, and professional wrestler. He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), wrestling on its Raw brand.
Jericho is also known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and internationally in Canadian, Mexican and Japanese promotions.
As a part of WWE, he is credited as being the first-ever Undisputed Champion in professional wrestling history. Also, he has won the Intercontinental Championship a record eight times. Jericho is a four-time world champion, having won the WCW World Heavyweight Championship twice, the aforementioned Undisputed Championship, and the World Heavyweight Championship. He is also the Ninth Triple Crown Champion and Third Grand Slam Champion.
Jericho is also the frontman of Fozzy, an American heavy metal band.

Thomas_A._Hendricks
Thomas Andrews Hendricks (September 7 1819 – November 25 1885) was a U.S. Representative and a Senator from Indiana, a Governor of Indiana, and the twenty-first Vice President of the United States (serving with Grover Cleveland).

Ordo_Templi_Orientis
Ordo Templi Orientis (O.T.O.) ("Order of the Temple of the East", or the "Order of Oriental Templars") is an international fraternal and religious organization founded at the beginning of the 20th century. Originally it was intended to be modelled after and associated with Freemasonry, but under the leadership of Aleister Crowley was reorganized based on the Law of Thelema as its central religious principle along with the "The Book of the Law". Similar to many secret societies, O.T.O. membership is based on an initiatory system with a series of degree ceremonies that use ritual drama to establish fraternal bonds and impart spiritual and philosophical teachings.
O.T.O. also includes the Ecclesia Gnostica Catholica (EGC) or Gnostic Catholic Church, which is the ecclesiastical arm of the Order. Its central rite, which is public, is the Gnostic Mass.

Division_1_1986-87
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1986/1987.
Overview.
It was contested by 20 teams, and Girondins Bordeaux won the championship.

Division_1_1972-73
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1972/1973.
Overview.
It was contested by 20 teams, and Nantes won the championship.

Bush_(band)
Bush were a British post-grunge band, formed in London in 1992. Their debut album was the self-released "Sixteen Stone" in 1994. They have sold well over 10 million records in the United States. The band, while hugely successful in the United States, was less well known in their native UK and enjoyed only marginal success there.

Vica_River
The Vica River is a tributary of the Gurasada River in Romania. That means it flows into the Gurasada River.

Executive_branch
The "Executive Branch" is the legal partition of a nation or a state government. It is headed up by the executive sometimes refered to as the "Chief" executive, as the root word suggests it "executes" or acts to enforce the laws assigned to it by an applicable Constitution. In as much as it is a branch of a government the laws over which the executive resides are carried out by his subordinates either who themselves oversee various bureaucracies.

A.S._Monaco_F.C.
A.S. Monaco F.C. is a football club which plays in Monaco.

Colombian_Professional_Football_1954
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1954.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Atlético Nacional won the championship.

Vasile_Miriuţă
Vasile Miriuţă is a former football player. He has played for Hungary national team.

La_Liga_2002-03
Statistics of La Liga in season 2002/2003.
Overview.
It was contested by 20 teams, and Real Madrid won the championship.

Colombian_Professional_Football_1956
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1956.
Overview.
It was performed in 13 teams, and Deportes Quindío won the championship.

Glasgow_Central_station
Glasgow Central station is a railway station in Glasgow, Scotland. It first opened in 1879.

Saw_(movie)
Saw is the first of the 5 horror genre movies released in 2004. The movie was directed by James Wan and Leigh Whannel. The movie released in theaters on October 29, 2004.
Plot.
In an industrial washroom, photographer Adam Faulkner, Leigh Whannell and Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) are chained by their ankles to pipes at opposite corners. Between them is a dead person (Tobin Bell) holding a revolver and a microcassette recorder. Lawrence and Adam each find tapes saying "Play Me." A tape tells Adam that he must escape the bathroom. Lawrence is told that he must kill Adam before six o'clock, or else his wife and daughter will be killed and he will be left to die where he sits. Hacksaws are soon found. The saws are not sharp enough to cut through their chains, and Adam throws his away in frustration. Lawrence realizes that the saws are not meant for the chains, instead for their feet.
Lawrence determines that their captor is the Jigsaw Killer, named due to his practice of cutting pieces of skin in the shape of a jigsaw puzzle piece from his victims, though Lawrence comments that the name is a misnomer, as he never directly murders anyone and his intentions are for his victims to survive with a better appreciation of life. A series of flashbacks of his previous victims is presented, including his only known survivor up to that point, a highly traumatized heroin addict named Amanda Young (Shawnee Smith). She believes that her experience in the test has made her a better person in the end.
As Adam and Lawrence search for alternative escape routes, Zep Hindle (Michael Emerson) breaks into the Gordon house and captures Lawrence's wife, Alison (Monica Potter), and daughter Diana Makenzie Vega in order to save himself from a deadly poison. A flashback reveals that Zep is an orderly at Lawrence's hospital who was present when he was talking with some students about an elderly patient, John Kramer, who had terminal brain cancer. While psychologically toying with Alison and Diana, Zep monitors Adam and Lawrence through video surveillance.
Simultaneously, the house is being observed by Detective David Tapp Danny Glover]. Tapp grew unhealthily obsessed with the Jigsaw case after hearing Amanda's testimony, and, following a lead, he and his partner, Steven Sing (Ken Leung), illegally broke into a warehouse that turned out to be one of Jigsaw's lairs, where they saved a man from being killed by drills. Before they could secure Jigsaw's arrest, however, Sing was gunned down by a booby trap, and Jigsaw escaped. Tapp was later dismissed from the police force and is now stalking Lawrence, convinced from planted evidence that he is the Jigsaw Killer.
Meanwhile, in the bathroom, Lawrence finds a cell phone that can only receive calls. He and Adam try to stage Adam's death, but a strong electric shock through the latter's ankle chain foils this plan. Following these events, Adam and Lawrence recall their abductions; they were both ambushed and knocked unconscious by a stranger wearing a pig mask. Lawrence receives a call from Alison, who warns him that Adam knows more than he is telling. Adam explains that he had been paid by Tapp to trail and photograph Lawrence and shows him a pile of photographs that he found with the hacksaws. Lawrence begins to berate Adam, but grows defensive when Adam shows Lawrence evidence that he has been cheating on his wife. The two begin arguing, but are distracted when Adam notices a picture of Zep in Lawrence's house. They deduce that Zep is their abductor. Just as this realization is made, however, Adam points out that it is six o'clock, the deadline.
Allison frees herself from Zep, and a struggle ensues. Gunshots are fired, atracting the attention of Tapp, who distracts Zep long enough for Alison and her daughter to flee. Zep shoots Tapp fatally and races to the sewers, intent on killing Lawrence, who is only aware of the sounds of gunfire and screaming. Unable to reach the phone and desperate to help his family, he uses his hacksaw to cut off his foot and shoots Adam with the corpse's revolver, using a bullet that had been enclosed with his microcassette. Zep arrives to find Lawrence in tears. Before Zep can kill him, however, Adam springs from the floor, as his wound was in fact nonfatal, and beats Zep to death with a toilet tank cover. Lawrence slowly crawls away, promising to get help and return for Adam.
Adam searches Zep's body for a key, but finds another microcassette player. As the series theme, "Hello Zepp", begins to play, Adam learns that Zep was only a pawn in Jigsaw's game who acted under threat of death. He then hears a moan behind him and turns to see the "corpse" slowly get to its feet, revealing itself as John Kramer, the Jigsaw Killer. John tells Adam that the key to the chain had been in the bathtub in which Adam had awakened when the movie began. The key went down the drain along with the bathwater when Adam, in his frantic thrashing, unplugged the stopper. Adam reaches for Zep's handgun, but John stuns him with another electrical shock from his hidden remote control. John flicks off the lights and muses, "Game over!" before slamming the door, sealing Adam in the bathroom.
Soundtrack.
"Saw: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" is the soundtrack for the movie. It was released October 5, 2004 by Warner Bros. Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Charlie Clouser with Page Hamilton, Danny Lohner, Chas Smith unless otherwise noted.
" (Charlie Clouser with Page Hamilton, Danny Lohner, Chas Smith, Section) – Charlie Clouser
"Saw: Rebirth (Comic)".
"Saw: Rebirth" is a comic book one-shot published by IDW Publishing. It was written by R. Eric Lieb and Kris Oprisko with art by Renato Guedes.
"Jigsaw".
The Jigsaw Killer is a fictional character in the "Saw" movie series. Jigsaw made his debut appearance as the primary antagonist in the first movie of the series, "Saw", and later "Saw II", "III" and "IV". He is played by American actor Tobin Bell.
Billy the Puppet.
Billy is a puppet that has appeared in the "Saw" movies. He was used by the series' primary antagonist John Kramer, the Jigsaw Killer, to communicate with his victims. Although he has never been identified in the actual movies themselves, "Billy" is the name by which he is referred to by writers, directors and members of the cast and crew on documentaries and interviews. The name was given to him by his real-life creator James Wan, who is the director and co-writer of "Saw". There is disagreement that the name is spelled "Billie", although Wan himself spells it "Billy".
The main purpose of Billy is to deliver recorded messages to victims of Jigsaw's, often appearing on a television screen to distribute the details of the sadistic traps and the means of which the victims can survive.
Recently, a line of replica "Billy" dolls has been released for consumer purchase, mainly through off-beat gift-stores. It retains the main characteristics of the doll, though is much cleaner in appearance. "Billy" Halloween masks have also been released for general consumer purchase.
"Amanda Young".
"Amanda Young" is a fictional character in the "Saw" movie series. She is portrayed by Shawnee Smith. At first a minor character in the original movie, her role expanded in the sequels until she became one of the most important characters in the series.
Pig mask.
The "pig mask" is a thematic prop worn by characters throughout the series.
Adam.
"Adam Faulkner" was a fictional character from the Saw movie series, portrayed by "Saw" writer and co-creator Leigh Whannell. He was prominently featured in "Saw", but was also seen through various flashbacks throughout the series.
Kerry.
"Allison Kerry" is a fictional character in the Saw movie series. SHe playes the roll of the main female detective in "Saw" movies 1-3. She was captured and set in a trap called the "Angel Trap" in the movie "Saw 3".
"Saw".
Most of the first movie played out in a bathroom, the setting of one of Jigsaw's more complicated tests. However, several more of Jigsaw's inventions were seen via flashbacks from crime scene investigators and surviving victims. Additionally, more of Jigsaw's creations were discovered at his lair, located in an abandoned mannequin factory on Stygian Street. Detectives arrived to investigate and discovered several prototypes of traps, including a diorama of the bathroom, Billy the puppet, and a victim who was to be used as part of an experiment.
Razor wire maze.
Paul Stallberg woke up partially naked inside a fenced-in area of a basement, and was told that the only means of escape was a door that was set to lock closed in two hours. Between him and the door was a gauntlet of densely strung together barbed tape through which he was instructed to navigate to survive. According to Jigsaw, the irony of his situation was the fact that he had slit his wrists, presumably for attention, a month ago, and that if he really wanted to die, he needed simply stay where he was (as the door to freedom would close, trapping him in), but if he wanted to live, he would have to "cut himself again". Footage from the movie showed him frantically tearing through the maze. However, he was too late and was later found by detectives Tapp, Sing, and Kerry, dead on the wires.
Flammable jelly.
Mark Rodriguez, a man who had committed worker's comp fraud, was tested on his "illness" and placed in a dark room, with a candle and a box of matches serving as his only light source. Broken glass completely covered the floor, hundreds of numbers were written on the walls, and a safe was placed in the middle of the room. From a tape recorder resting on a small metal platform suspended from the ceiling, Mark, who had been stripped naked, was informed that he was covered with a flammable substance and that there was a slow-acting poison in his system that would kill him in roughly two hours. The combination to the safe, which held the antidote, was written on the walls amidst the myriad of other possibilities. While looking for the combination, Mark drew too close to the candle and went up in flames.
Jaw splitter====.
The Jaw Splitter is an iconic trap, to the extent that it was used on promotional posters for the first movie and on "Saw" merchandise.
The wrists of a heroin addict named Amanda Young were bound with duct tape to the armrests of a chair, and a heavy metal apparatus was hooked up into her upper and lower jaws. Jigsaw, through his puppet on the tape recording, revealed to Amanda that she would have one minute to remove the contraption before it snapped open, much like "a reverse bear trap" (the term "Reverse Bear Trap", referenced in Amanda's instructions, gained fame as a fan name for the trap). The mechanism would rip her jaws open in the process, killing her. To emphasize the point, a demonstration was shown to Amanda, who watched as the device went off on a mannequin head, effectively destroying it. Jigsaw told her that the key needed to unlock the contraption was in the stomach of the dead man lying across the room from her.
As the tape ended, Amanda wriggled her arms free from the duct tape, at which point she stood up, pulling and snapping a trigger wire that set off the one-minute timer on the back of the contraption on her head. Frightened, she slowly tiptoed over to her cell mate, whereupon she had to cut into his stomach and retrieve the key, even after discovering that he was not actually dead as suggested, but in an opiate-induced state of paralysis, unable to move or feel pain. As she was about to cut him open, he woke up. After stabbing him multiple times, Amanda sifted through his stomach and retrieved the key. She then managed to remove the device just in time, throwing it onto the floor just as it snapped open.
The Jaw Splitter would later be seen in Jigsaw's lair in the third movie, again on a mannequin head, where it was examined and set off by Lynn Denlon. Additionally, it was seen in ', in which Jigsaw tested a prototype version of it, and in the original movie, where it was used on a character named David. The scenario played out the same as the later version, with David escaping from the contraption seconds before it went off.
Drill chair.
Jeff's neck was shackled into a metal brace, keeping him trapped in a chair, attached the sides of which were two power drills. The drills were designed to inch toward his head, reaching and killing him in twenty seconds. The trap was activated when Jigsaw decided to test detectives David Tapp and Steven Sing, to see whether they prioritized saving a man's life over arresting him. After ripping apart the circuitry to prevent the detectives from stopping the drills with the button that started them, Jigsaw told Sing to find the key to release Jeff in a box near the chair. Inside the box was a ring with countless keys on it, and, rather than sift through them, Sing instead shot at both drills, deactivating them moments before they reached Jeff's head.
Quadruple shotgun hallway.
This trap was used by Jigsaw for security reasons instead of having a test for the victim. Four double-barreled shotguns were suspended from a ceiling in a hallway, each connected by a tripwire strung across the hallway below. When the victim stepped across the tripwire, which was hidden among cobwebs, it would pull the triggers of the shotguns. The four shotguns would go off simultaneously, firing at the victim and shooting them down. In this case, the victim was Detective Steven Sing, who was chasing Jigsaw through his warehouse in an attempt to capture him.
According to the "Saw" commentary and different interviews, the creators wanted a trap that consisted of two devices that would spring from the walls, snap shut on Sing, and fold him up into a box. They described it as an "iron cocoon." They decided against the idea, as the visual effects would have been too expensive to create.
Bathroom trap.
The setting for the majority of the first movie, this test placed two victims, Adam Faulkner and Dr. Lawrence Gordon, in a grimy industrial washroom. Both were shackled at the ankle to pipes at opposite corners of the room. The pipes were connected to a remote electrical source, which could conduct through the metal chains and shackles to shock the captives. In the middle of the bathroom lay Jigsaw, posing as the corpse of a previous victim, sprawled face down in a pool of poisoned blood, holding an empty pistol in one hand and an empty tape player in the other, just out of reach of Adam and Lawrence. Adam and Lawrence found envelopes with tapes to play to learn their rules, while Lawrence also received a key and a bullet. Following clues from their tapes, Adam found a garbage bag in a toilet, filled with photos he had taken of Lawrence while stalking him under hire, as well as a pair of hacksaws that were not intended to cut through the chains, but were rather meant for the victims to use to cut off their feet in order to escape. Lawrence was told to kill Adam in eight hours, under the threat of death for his wife Alison and daughter Diana, both of whom were being held captive. Adam was simply told to escape, with the only apparent means being the hacksaw, which he broke trying to cut through his chain, and a key that went down the drain of the bathtub that Adam had unknowingly drained after waking up in the water. "Saw III" revealed that Amanda had tied the chain to the bathtub stopper to Adam's ankle without being told to by Jigsaw.
Following more clues, Lawrence found a box in the wall next to him, and was then supplied with a cellphone that could only receive calls, two cigarettes, and a lighter. With the cigarettes, Lawrence found a note from Jigsaw informing him that he did not need a gun to kill Adam, leading Lawrence to assume he could dip the tip of a cigarette in the poisoned blood that the corpse was lying in before giving it to Adam. Not willing to kill Adam, Lawrence attempted to fake it by dipping one of the cigarettes in the blood before swapping it with the untainted one. Adam went along with the game, pretending to die, but the act was blown when Adam was remotely electrically shocked through his chain. At 6 o'clock, Lawrence received a call from his wife. He became desperate as he had heard a struggle on the other end of the phone (his wife freeing herself and their daughter, escaping), but the phone had hung up, and he accidentally threw the phone out of reach. He therefore used his hacksaw to cut his foot off before grabbing the gun from the corpse and shot Adam, too late, since it was past 6 o'clock. Later it was revealed that Adam was not fatally wounded, since he was only shot in his shoulder.
As Lawrence was lying on the floor, crying for what he had done, Zep entered the bathroom. His job was to shoot Lawrence. But Adam, having only pretended he was dead, knocked Zep over to the floor and bashed him with the lid from the toilet until Zep was no longer moving. Lawrence crawled over to Adam and promised to get help before crawling out of the room. Adam, however, remained trapped. Jigsaw then stood up, turned off the lights, and slammed the door, leaving Adam locked in the bathroom. His corpse was found in the bathroom, which was part of the house of "Saw II". In "Saw III", it was revealed that Adam did not in fact die of blood loss from his shoulder wound after being locked away, but by suffocation. Amanda, against Jigsaw's orders, held a strip of plastic wrap over his head, suffocating him in a mercy kill.
Zep's test.
Some time before placing Lawrence and Adam in the Bathroom Trap, Jigsaw arranged for Zep Hindle, a hospital orderly, to become involved in a game of his own; in order to obtain the antidote to a slow-acting poison in his blood, Zep would have to monitor the events of the bathroom trap while holding Alison and Diana hostage in their own home. Zep's rules were to kill Alison and Diana if Lawrence failed to kill Adam in time.
Zep hid in Diana's closet and waited for her father, Lawrence Gordon, to leave before grabbing Diana and her mother and tying them up. With a gun at his disposal, Zep taunted the two hostages while monitoring Lawrence and Adam through a computer screen. When 6 o'clock finally came around, Zep forced Alison, Lawrence's wife, to make the call to tell him he failed, but when Zep was about to shoot her, Alison, who had untied herself, fought back, managing to escape with Diana. With Detective Tapp in pursuit, Zep left the house and drove to an entrance into the sewer system. After fatally shooting the detective, he arrived at the bathroom, and told Lawrence that he was too late in completing his instructions. Before he shot Lawrence, though, Adam, thought to be dead, pulled Zep to the floor and beat him to death with the toilet tank cover. After Lawrence left to find help, Adam looked through Zep's pockets, hoping to find a key to his chain. He instead found a tape recorder and played back the message, finally realizing that Zep had been acting under a threat of death. He stopped the tape before the specifics of Zep's tape could be heard. The reason why Zep was forced to take part in one of Jigsaw's tests is unknown.
Saw: The Video Game.
"Saw" is a upcoming action, horror video game being developed by Brash, for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC.
Saw (Short Film).
The movie begins with a young man named David (Whannell) in an interrogation room talking to an unnamed, unsympathetic police officer. David is in handcuffs, and there is blood on his face and shirt. David is smoking a cigarette. He tells the officer that after he finished his work as an orderly at the hospital, he was knocked unconscious and taken to a large room. Inside the room, David was strapped to a chair with a large, rusty metal device locked onto his head.
Saw II.
"Saw II" movie is currently #16 on Bravo's Even Scarier Movie Moments. Following the film's opening weekend gross of $31.5 million, Lions Gate Films commissioned "Saw III", released on October 27, 2006.
Saw III.
"Saw III" is the third installment in the "Saw" series. The movie is a joint effort of both "Saw" writers/directors, James Wan and Leigh Whannell, and "Saw II" writer/director, Darren Lynn Bousman. The movie focuses on the resurfaced Jigsaw Killer, the antagonist of the previous movies, who works with his unstable apprentice Amanda to finish his final tests before he dies. The movie contains additional back-story about the two antagonists.
Saw IV.
"Saw IV" is the fourth installment in the Saw movie series. The movie was initially released on October 25, 2007, and in the United States on October 26, 2007. The film's North American release date follows the series' tradition that the movies be released the Friday before or on halloween of each year.
Saw V.
"Saw V" is the upcoming fifth installment in the Saw movie series. The movie is set to be released on October 24, 2008.
Saw VI.
Costas Mandylor has signed up for the next installment of the horror franchise along with main character, Jigsaw, portrayed by Tobin Bell. This movie is planed to be released as the 6th in the horror series of "Saw" in October of 2009.

Vârşioru_River
The Vârşioru River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jaleş River.

Turkish_alphabet
The Turkish alphabet is used for writing, speaking and reading in Turkish. This alphabet is modified from the Latin alphabet.
There are 29 letters in the Turkish alphabet of Turkey. The English letters, "Q", "W" and "X" are not in Turkish alphabet. Seven Turkish letters (Ç, Ğ, I, İ, Ö, Ş, and Ü) are in the Turkish alphabet.
There are 8 vowels in Turkish alphabet: A,E,I,İ,O,Ö,U,Ü
There are 21 consonants in Turkish alphabet: B, C, Ç, D, F, G, Ğ, H, J, K, L,M, N, P, R, S, Ş, T, V, Y, Z.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1932-33
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1932/1933.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Dundalk won the championship.

José_Luis_Chilavert
José Luis Chilavert (born 27 July, 1965) is a former football player. He has played for Paraguay national team.

La_Liga_1961-62
Statistics of La Liga in season 1961/1962.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Real Madrid won the championship.

Colombian_Professional_Football_1959
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1959.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and Los Millonarios won the championship.

German_Grand_Prix
The German Grand Prix ("Großer Preis von Deutschland") is an automobile race held every year. The Grand Prix motorcycle racing event is also called the German GP but this article concentrates on the automobile GP.
As Germany was banned from taking part in international events after World War II, the German GP only became part of the Formula One World Championship in 1951. It has been organized by AvD (Automobile Club of Germany) since 1926. The well-known ADAC hosts many other races, one of which has been the second F1 race in Germany at the Nürburgring, held there since 1995.
Repeat Winners.
"A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship."
"A cream background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war European Championship."

United_States_Grand_Prix
The United States Grand Prix is a motor race which has been run on and off since 1908, when it was known as the "American Grand Prize". The race later became part of the Formula One World Championship, although it is not being run this year.
Winners of the United States Grand Prix.
"Events which were not part of the Formula One World Championship are indicated by a pink background."

Vârgău_River
The Vârgău River is a tributary of the Sipoş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sipoş River.

Bagshot_Park
Bagshot Park (Grid reference:) eleven miles south of Windsor, is a royal residence. It is located in Bagshot, Surrey, and is is the current home and official residence of Prince Edward, the Earl of Wessex and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Bagshot Park is on. It is a few miles from Sunninghill Park, the former home Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, and Sarah, Duchess of York.

Lamiales
The order Lamiales is a taxon in the asterid group of dicotyledonous flowering plants. It includes approximately 11,000 species divided up into about 10 families. A few well-known members of this order are the lavender, the lilac, the olive, the jasmine, the ash tree, the teak, the snapdragon, and a number of table herbs such as mint, basil, and rosemary.

Savory_(herb)
"Satureja" is a genus of aromatic plants of the family Lamiaceae, related to rosemary and thyme. There are about 30 species called savories, of which Summer Savory and Winter Savory are the most important in cultivation.

Robot_Chicken
"Robot Chicken" is a comedy stop-motion television series. It is shown on a part of Cartoon Network called "Adult Swim". It was created by Seth Green and Matthew Senreich

Văratecu_River
The Văratecu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bistriţa River

Pakistan_Peoples_Party_Parliamentarians
The Pakistan People's Party Parliamentarians (PPPP) is a party created by Makhdoom Amin Fahim. The party is an electoral extension of the Pakistan Peoples Party.

Acinos
"Acinos" is a genus of ten species of annual and short-lived evergreen perennial woody plants native to southern Europe and western Asia. Its name comes from the Greek word "akinos", the name of a small aromatic plant. They are small, tufted, bushy or spreading plants growing to 10-45 cm tall. The 2-lipped, tubular flowers are borne on erect sprikes in mid-summer.

Web_of_the_City
"Web of the City" (first called "Rumble") is the first book that was written by Harlan Ellison. The book follows the story of Rusty Santoro, a teenage member of the Cougars street gang in the 1950s Brooklyn, New York. In order to create the book, Ellison spent time in a real street gang in Brooklyn.

A_Clash_of_Kings
"A Clash of Kings" is the second of seven planned books in "A Song of Ice and Fire", a fantasy series written by George R. R. Martin. It was first released on 16 November 1998 in the United Kingdom, but the first United States edition did not come out until March 1999. It won the Locus Award in 1999 for Best Novel and was nominated for the Nebula Award in 2000 for Best Novel.

Therese_of_Liseaux
Saint Therese of Liseaux (1873-1897) is a Doctor of the Catholic church, which means that her life and writings are considered particularly important for Catholics. She is also called the Little Flower of Jesus. She lived in France as a nun, and died at 24 from tuberculosis. Mother Teresa chose her name in honor of her.

Angelo_State_University
Angelo State University is a public university in San Angelo, Texas. It started in 1928 and now has about 6,150 students.
The sports teams at Angelo State are called Rams for the men and Rambelles for the women.

Vârfuraş_River
The Vârfuraş River is a tributary of the Zârna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Zârna River.

Marshmallow
The Marshmallow is a candy that is usually made of sugar or corn syrup, water, gelatin that has been pre-softened in hot water, dextrose, and flavorings, whipped to a spongy consistency. Marshmallows are used in several types of candies, on foods, and on some drinks such as hot chocolate.

William_Faulkner
William Faulkner (born William Cuthbert Falkner), (September 25, 1897–July 6, 1962) was an American author. One of the most influential writers of the twentieth century, he was awarded the 1949 Nobel Prize in Literature. His reputation is based on his novels, novellas, and short stories. However, he was also a published poet and also was a screenwriter. He is now deemed among the greatest American writers of all time.
Awards.
Faulkner received the 1949 Nobel Prize for Literature for "his powerful and artistically unique contribution to the modern American novel." He donated a portion of his Nobel winnings "to establish a fund to support and encourage new fiction writers," eventually resulting in the Faulkner Award for Fiction. He donated another portion to a local Oxford bank to establish an account to provide scholarship funds to help educate African-American education majors at nearby Rust College in Holly Springs, Mississippi.
Faulkner won two Pulitzer Prizes for what are considered as his "minor" novels: his 1954 novel "A Fable," which took the Pulitzer in 1955, and the 1962 novel, "The Reivers," which was posthumously awarded the Pulitzer in 1963. He also won two National Book Awards, first for his "Collected Stories" in 1951 and once again for his novel "A Fable" in 1955.
In 1946, Faulkner was one of three finalists for the first "Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine" Award. He came in second to Manly Wade Wellman.
On August 3, 1987, the United States Postal Service issued a 22 cent postage stamp in his honor.

CBBC
CBBC (Children's BBC) is the name of the BBC's television programmes that are for children. It is also the name of a television channel that often shows these programmes. The programmes are meant for children that are between 6 and 12 years old. The "Children's BBC" name began on 9 September 1985. Before then there were BBC children's programmes, but they were not branded under one name. The name "CBBC" was used informally since 1990, and became the official name in 1997.
CBBC programmes are shown on BBC One, BBC Two and the CBBC Channel. CBBC has a sister brand, CBeebies, for children under 6. The CBBC brands for BBC One and BBC Two are "CBBC One" and "CBBC Two".
CBBC is run by the BBC Children's department, who make the programmes for children up to the age of 16. Most of their offices are in the East Tower of the BBC Television Centre, with some programmes coming from Scotland and Bristol. CBBC produces a whole range of programme types, including drama, news, entertainment and educational programmes.
Anne Gilchrist is Creative Director of CBBC, and Michael Carrington is Creative Director of CBeebies.
Presentation.
Monday 3 September 2007 saw the fifth CBBC relaunch. As part of the relaunch, new logos, idents, interactive services, programmes and presenters were introduced. The previous computer generated backgrounds used from December 2006 were replaced by a real set.
Ed Petrie became the chief continuity presenter, accompanied by a puppet sidekick "Oucho T. Cactus" (operated and voiced by Warrick Brownlow-Pike). They regularly present live, weekday afternoon links on the CBBC channel with Petrie voicing pre-recorded, out-of-vision announcements during for weekdays on BBC One. On 29 August 2008, they went on extended leave to record a new series for CBBC - they are due to return to continuity duties on 1 December 2008. During this period, relief presenter Holly Walsh is presenting weekday afternoon links for the channel.
Anne Foy presented pre-recorded in-vision links at the weekend alongside her dog, Elliot, until her departure in March 2008. Foy was replaced by two new presenters, Ben Hanson and Ciaran Joyce, who previously appeared in CBBC show "The Story of Tracy Beaker". The duo regularly present in-vision links at the weekend and stand in for Ed and Oucho.
CBBC extra.
"CBBC extra" is a free interactive television service from CBBC. It is found on the BBCi pages. It is accessible from the CBBC Channel by pressing the red button and then selecting "CBBC extra". It can also be accessed from any other BBCi page by pressing 570.
The service is different on different digital platforms, for example Sky viewers can access the video loop. But it is only available on Freeview when BBCi is not showing other interactive services, like sports events.
CBBC extra offers games, the UK Top 40 music, jokes sent in by viewers, "Nev's Horoscopes", and a weekly competition. The current presenter of CBBC extra is Ed Petrie.
CBBC Quiz.
This new feature allows the viewers to play a quiz. There are 5 levels, each containing 5 questions. Viewers can also send in their questions which could be shown on the service. The "CBBC Quiz" can be from the CBBC extra page, by selecting the option called "CBBC Quiz". This option is also available on the main interactive menu on the "CBBC Channel", by pressing the red button.
Website.
The CBBC website has a wide range of activities, such as games, puzzles, message boards and frequently updated news feeds. The website is found.
My CBBC.
"My CBBC" is a feature to the new CBBC website. It allows users to create their own room which they can decorate. It is also possible to create your own avatar. The new feature is often promoted on the "CBBC Channel".
Adventure Rock.
"Adventure Rock" (renamed from CBBC World) is a virtual online world that launched on 1 March 2008. Press releases have stated "it would allow digitally literate children the access to characters and resources they had come to expect. Users would be able to build an online presence, known as an avatar, then create and share content."
The main points of the system are safety and responsibility online, with no chatrooms or the financial aspects available in other online worlds such as "Second Life".
Controller of Children's BBC Richard Deverell said: "Adventure Rock" is a good example of the way we need to go. The thing that interests me is that children are at the vanguard. And that is where we are taking Children's BBC."

Toplicioara_River_(Topliţa)
The Toplicioara River is a tributary of the Voievodeasa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Voievodeasa River.

Pârâul_Sec_(Topliţa)
The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Topliţa River.

Take_This_to_Your_Grave
"Take This to Your Grave" is the second studio album by rock band Fall Out Boy. The album was released 2003. Credits are Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz, Joe Troham, and Andy Hurley.

Democritus
Democritus (Greek:) was a Greek philosopher (born at Abdera in Thrace ca. 460 BC - died ca 370 BC). Democritus was a student of Leucippus and both believed that all matter is made up of tiny, indestructible bits which he called "atoma" or "indivisible units", from which we get the English word atom.
Atomic theory.
Democritus had no hard evidence. He came to these ideas simply by thinking about them. However, his ideas turned out to be somewhat close to what was discovered over 2000 years after his death.

Tibetan_Plateau
The Tibetan Plateau, also known as the Qinghai-Tibetan (Qingzang) Plateau is a vast, elevated plateau in Central Asia covering most of the Tibet Autonomous Region, the Qinghai Province in China, and Ladakh in Kashmir, Pakistan.

Bulzu_River_(Cerna)
The Bulzu River is a tributary of the Rădoteasa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Rădoteasa River.

Jeff_Buckley
Jeff Buckley was an American singer and guitarist. He died in 1997.

Tooth_fairy
The Tooth fairy is a fictional character found in modern folklore.
Around the world, families have many different traditions to celebrate the loss of a child's tooth, especially a first tooth. Many of the traditions involve throwing a tooth on a roof, under a house, burying it under a tree, or leaving it for a rodent.
One of the most famous traditions is leaving a tooth under a pillow for the Tooth Fairy. This tradition is very popular in the United States as well as other countries. The Tooth Fairy will take the tooth away while the child is sleeping and leave some money in its place. Sometimes the Tooth Fairy may also leave a note. If the child does not go to sleep the Tooth Fairy will not come.
Some people believe that the Tooth Fairy is named Fatina and lives in Neverland, along with Tinkerbell. The belief is that Fatina creates a magic powder from children's teeth that protects the fairies from hawks who might otherwise eat them.

International_Bluegrass_Music_Association
The International Bluegrass Music Association, or IBMA, is a trade association to promote bluegrass music.
Formed in 1985, IBMA established its first headquarters in Owensboro, Kentucky. In 1988 they announced plans to create the International Bluegrass Music Museum as a joint venture with RiverPark Center in Owensboro. In 1990 IBMA established the World of Bluegrass, a combination trade show, concert, and awards presentation. This was originally set in Owensboro, before moving to Louisville, Kentucky in 1997. Nashville, Tennessee hosted this event in 2005 and 2006, and will continue as the host location in the future. In 1991 IBMA established the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor at the International Bluegrass Music Museum to recognize lifetime contributions to bluegrass, both by performers and non-performers. In 2003 IBMA relocated its offices to Nashville, Tennessee.

Ciocracul_River
The Ciocracul River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Cheii River.

Londrina
Londrina is a Brazilian city, located in the northern region of the state of Paraná, and is 369 km away from the capital, Curitiba. Londrina has approximately 500 thousand inhabitants, being the second largest city of Paraná and the third largest city of the Southern Brazil.

Cascavel
Cascavel is a city in western Paraná state, in the south region of Brazil. It has, approximately 300.000 inhabitants.
The city is on a plateau 781 meters above sea level. It is 504 km west of the state capital of Curitiba, 605 km west of the sea port of Paranaguá and 140 km from Foz do Iguaçu/ the 3 borders (Paraguay, Argentina and Brazil).

La_Liga_1940-41
Statistics of La Liga in season 1940/1941.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and Athletic Aviación won the championship.

The_Football_League_1896-97
Statistics of The Football League in season 1896/1897.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Aston Villa won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Notts County won the championship.

La_Liga_1951-52
Statistics of La Liga in season 1951/1952.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Barcelona won the championship.

La_Liga_1980-81
Statistics of La Liga in season 1980/1981.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Real Sociedad won the championship.

Colombian_Professional_Football_1963
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 1963.
Overview.
It was performed in 13 teams, and Los Millonarios won the championship.

Avi_Ran
Avi Ran is a former football player. He has played for Maccabi Haifa and Israel national team.

Major_League_Soccer_2001
Statistics of Major League Soccer in season 2001.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and San Jose Earthquakes won the championship.
Final.
San Jose Earthquakes won the championship.

Turkish_new_lira
The Turkish new lira (Turkish: Yeni türk lirası) is the currency of Turkey and the Turkish Northern Republic of Cyprus. The new lira is subdivided into 100 new kurush (yeni kuruş), the equivalent of American Cents or British Pennies. The symbol for the currency is YTL.
In the last few years the Turkish lira stabilised and even rose against the U.S. Dollars and the Euro.
In late December 2003, the Grand National Assembly of Turkey passed a law that allowed for the removal of six zeroes from the currency, and the creation of the new lira. It was introduced on 1 January 2005, replacing the previous lira (which remained valid in circulation until the end of 2005) at a rate of 1 new lira = 1,000,000 old lira.
The official name of the currency is "New Turkish Lira". According to the Central Bank, the word "new" (yeni) is only a "temporary" measure. A news agency reported that "new" will be removed on January 1, 2009. The same source also indicated that the banknotes will have "different shapes and sizes to prevent forgery".

Valea_Stânei_River_(Prahova)
The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Prahova River.

Şpirla_Tămaşului_River
The Şpirla Tămaşului River is a tributary of the Bârsa Tămaşului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bârsa Tămaşului River.

Puppet
Puppets are objects used in theatrical performances. They usually use strings or other mechanisms to mock movement and to make the puppet look alive. Some puppets are very simple to make and use, whilst others are very complicated and require skill to use. Puppeteers are the operators of puppets and are usually concealed from the view of the audience. Some, however, are not. An example is a ventriloquist and dummy. There are many different types of puppets to be found around the world. Puppetry is a special art form that is very important in some cultures.
Types of puppets.
Finger Puppet: A very simple type of puppet where the puppet is placed on your finger and manipulated by moving your finger.
Pop-up puppets: A cone with a rod through and a puppet inside. When the rod is pushed up, the puppet appears.
Paddle Puppet: The puppet is on the end of a paddle. When the puppeteer steps on the paddles back end the other end lifts up, giving the impression that
Jumping Jack: A puppet where the arms and legs of the puppet are attached to a string. When the string is pulled down, the arms and legs go up.
Hand Puppet: Similar to a finger puppet, but only larger. The puppeteer uses his fingers and hand to manipulate the puppet.
Rod Puppet and Bunraku: The puppet is controlled with rods attached to the puppets arms and legs, whilst another puppeteer controls the head and possibly mouth. Bunraku is a special type of Japanese rod puppetry.
Shadow Puppet: Another very simple puppet. A cut out figure on a rod is held in front of a light. Its shadow is projected onto a screen. The puppeteer moves the puppet around, giving it a degree of life. Sometimes coloured paper is used to give a certain amount of colour to the puppet.
Marionette or String Puppet: A marionette puppet is moved around with strings that hang from above the theatre. This is one of the more complex types of puppetry and is hard to master as some marionettes can have up to thirty strings.
Ventriloquist Figure or Dummy: This puppet is one of the few where the audience sees the puppeteer. The puppeteer moves the puppets head arms and mouth with his hands as well as with levers. The performance usually takes the shape of a conversation between the dummy and the puppeteer. The puppeteer throws his voice, to make it seem as if the puppet is talking.

Ulysses_(spacecraft)
Ulysses was a space probe or spacecraft launched by NASA in 1990. Its main aims were to study the Sun and the planet Jupiter.

Pârâul_Scurt_(Valea_Cerbului)
The Pârâul Scurt is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Cerbului River.

Valea_Bujorilor_River
The Valea Bujorilor River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Morarului River.

Valea_Ţapului_River
The Valea Ţapului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Cerbului River.

Dunfermline_Athletic_F.C.
Dunfermline Athletic Football Club are a Scottish football team based in Dunfermline, Fife, commonly known as just Dunfermline. They play at East End Park and are nicknamed "The Pars".
They are currently Coach (sport)managed by Jim McIntyre who was given the job on a permanent basis on Thursday 3 January 2008. He took over from Stephen Kenny in December of 2007 originally as caretaker boss. The 2008-09 season will be the club's 2nd season in the second tier of Scottish football, after being relegated from the Scottish Premier League in 2007.

Răcad_River
The Răcad River is a river in Romania, tributary of the Săcuieu River. That means it flows into the Săcuieu River.

Brusturelul_River
The Brusturelul River or Brusturatul River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania. That means it flows into the Tazlăul Mare River.

Cracu_River_(Tazlău)
The Cracu River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania. That means it flows into the Pârâul Negru.

Geamăna_River_(Tazlău)
The Geamăna River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania. That means it flows into the Tazlăul Mare River.

Pârâul_Negru_(Valea_Roşie)
The Pârâul Negru River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Roşie River.

Pârâul_Şoimului_(Olt)
The Pârâul Şoimului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

Pârâul_Noroios_(Calnic)
The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary of the Calnic River in Romania. That means it flows into the Calnic River.

Ivan_River_(Valea_Crişului)
The Ivan River is a tributary of the Valea Crişului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Valea Crişului River.

Thrice
Thrice is an American experimental rock band formed in 1998. They are always changing their sound from different albums. The four members in Thrice are the same four people as when they started 10 years ago.
In 2004, the band released a DVD about the band. In the DVD, it talks about the members. They talk about experiences with touring and being in the band. They also talk about their ideas about the future direction of the music.
Dustin Kensrue, the lead singer for the band, released a solo album in 2007.
Most recently, Thrice have released a four disc album titled "The Alchemy Index" (volumes "Earth", "Fire", "Water" and "Air"). At the end of each disc, there is a song written in a similar poem style. The last line in that song is always sung in the same way.

Valea_lui_Marco_River
The Valea lui Marco River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania. That means it flows into the Brătei River.

Folie_à_Deux_(album)
"Folie à Deux" is Fall Out Boy's next album. It is a follow-up to "Infinity on High". The album is set to be released on November 4, 2008. Its title comes from the French for "a madness shared by two".

Brătei_River
The Brătei River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Brătei River. The upper part of the River is also called Strunguliţa River.

Valea_Glăjăriei_River_(Ghimbăşel)
The Valea Glăjăriei River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania. That means it flows into the Pârâul Mare.

Graigăru_River
The Graigăru River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania. That means it flows into the Pârâul Mare.

Ancient_Greek_boxing
Ancient Greek boxing is a very old kind of sport. It has been practiced at least since the eighth century BC. r wrote about it in his poem "Iliad". At that time, Greece was made of many city-states that were independent. Each city state seems to have had its own version of the sport.
Today, most of the sources that talk about Greek boxing are either legends, or they are fragmentary. When a source is fragmentary, this means that part of the text has been lost, or is missing. This makes it difficult to find the rules, or where and how the activity was done. Several details are missing, but it seems boxing with gloves was an important part of the Greek athletic culture of the time.
Where it came from.
The activity was called "pyx" or "pygme" in Ancient Greek. Archeologists have found evidence that this activity was probably done by the Minoan and Myceanean cultures. Many legends tell about the origins of boxing in Greece. One legend says that the heroic ruler Theseus invented a type of boxing where two men sat face to face and beat each other with their fists until one of them was killed. Later, the boxers began to fight while standing. They also started to wear gloves (with spikes) and wrappings on their arms below the elbows. In Ancient Greece, most sports were done naked, boxing too.
According to "Iliad", Mycenaean warriors included boxing in their competitions. They did this to honor those who had died. It is possible that Homer told about what the Greeks did, at a later time. Boxing was one of the contests held in memory of Achilles' friend Patroclus, who was killed toward the end of the Trojan War. To commemorate Patroclus the Greeks later introduced boxing ("pygme / pygmachia") to the Olympic Games in 688 BC. People taking part trained on punching bags (called a "korykos"). Fighters wore leather straps (called "himantes") over their hands, wrists, and sometimes chest, to protect themselves from injury. The straps also left the fingers free.
Philostratus was a scholar and an historian. According to him, boxing was originally developed in Sparta, in order to harden warriors’ faces for battle. The early Spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for when they were hit on the head in battle. However, Spartans never took part in the competitive version of boxing. They thought it was dishonorable to be defeated that way.
Equipment.
Until around 500 BC "himantes" were used as protection for the knuckles and hand. They were thongs of ox hide between 3 and 3.7 meters long. The "himantes" were wrapped around the hands and knuckles many times.
Around 400 BC "sphairai" were introduced. The "sphairai" were very similar to "himantes". The biggest difference was that the inside was padded when they were wrapped around the hands. The outside of the thong was more rigid too.
Soon after the "saphirai" had been introduced, they were replaced by "oxys" used for boxing. "Oxys" were made of several thick leather bands that were wrapped around the hand, wrist, and forearm. A band of fleece was placed on the forearm to wipe away sweat. Leather braces extended up the forearm to give greater support when punching. The knuckles were reinforced with leather as well.
"Korykos" were the equivalent to modern punching bags. They were used for practice in the Palaestra and were filled with sand, flour, or millet.

Chişer_River
The Chişer River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania. That means it flows into the Chişer River.

Blana_River
The Blana River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Ialomiţa River.

Bolboci_River
The Bolboci River or Valea Firdaleşului River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Ialomiţa River.

Horoaba_River
The Horoaba River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Ialomiţa River. The upper part of the river is also called the Bătrâna River

Culcuşu_Ursului_River
The Culcuşu Ursului River is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Saciova River.

Dolná_Krupá
Dolná Krupá is a village in the Trnava region of Slovakia. It is located in the Danubian Hills at around 12 km from the city of Trnava.

Valea_Hotarelor_River
The Valea Hotarelor River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sadu River.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1940-41
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1940/1941.
Overview.
It was performed in 11 teams, and Cork United won the championship.

Peter_Shilton
Peter Shilton is a former English football player. He has played for England national team.

Serie_A_1968-69
Statistics of Serie A in season 1968/1969.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Fiorentina won the championship.

Serie_A_1969-70
Statistics of Serie A in season 1969/1970.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Cagliari won the championship.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1975-76
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1975/1976.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and Dundalk won the championship.

Nerganiţa_River
The Nerganiţa River is a headwater of the Nera River in Romania.

Rick_Astley
Richard Paul Astley (born February 6, 1966) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. He was born in Newton-le-Willows, Merseyside, England. Astley has also lived in Richmond, in Surrey with his Danish girlfriend, Lene Bausager, and their daughter, Emilie.
Career.
In 1985, Astley was a drummer with a soul band named FBI when Pete Waterman noticed him and persuaded him to come to London to work at the PWL recording studio.
His first single was the little-known "When You Gonna," released as a collaboration with Lisa Carter, but his first solo offering was "Never Gonna Give You Up," released in 1987 which spent five weeks at the top of the British charts and becoming the year's highest-selling single. On 12 March 1988, "Never Gonna Give You Up" also topped the U.S. singles chart and was followed by a second U.S. #1 on 18 June with his second U.S. single release, "Together Forever." In 1989 he was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Artist of the Year. He lost to Tracy Chapman.
Much later, thanks to the rick rolling phenomenon and the persistant voting of the website 4chan, he was also nominated for the Best Act Ever Award 2008 at the Liverpool Music Awards.
Rickroll internet phenomenon.
In 2007 Rick Astley became the subject of a viral Internet meme in which an estimated 25 million Internet users were tricked into watching Rick Astley's video "Never Gonna Give You Up" by posting it under the name of other popular video titles. The practice is now known as Rickrolling. The phenomenon became so popular that on April 1, 2008, YouTube pranked its users by making every single featured video on the front page a Rickroll.
Discography.
Canada Top data: for singles and albums from The Record magazine. US Top data: for singles from The Billboard Hot 100, for albums from The Billboard 200; UK Top data for singles and albums is from UK Singles Chart.

Bluhoaie_River
The Bluhoaie River or Bluhoaia River is a tributary of the Bârzeşti River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bârzeşti River.

Renişel_River
The Renişel River is a tributary of the Sartiş River in Romania. This means it flows into the Sartiş River.

The_Replacements_(band)
The Replacements are an alternative rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota. They were active from 1979 to 1991, and were active for a short period of time in 2006.

Valea_lui_Stan_River_(Lotru)
The Valea lui Stan River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania. This means it flows into the Lotru River.

A_&_C_Black
A & C Black is a British book publishing company.
The company was founded in 1807 by Adam and Charles Black in Edinburgh. It moved to the Soho district of London in 1889. In 1851, the company bought the copyright of Walter Scott's Waverley Novels for £27,000. In 1902, it published P. G. Wodehouse's first book, "The Pothunters".
People know the company best for being the publisher of the "Who's Who", printed every year since 1897 and also, since 2002, the Whitaker's Almanack.
A & C Black bought both Christopher Helm Publishers and later the Pica Press, which are publishers of the Helm Identification Guides, written by Christopher Helm.
The company is now part of Bloomsbury Publishing Plc.

Jimmy_Glass
Jimmy Glass is a former English football player.

Serie_A_1982-83
Statistics of Serie A in season 1982/1983.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Roma won the championship.

Serie_A_1985-86
Statistics of Serie A in season 1985/1986.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Juventus won the championship.

Charlie_Haas
Charles Doyle "Charlie" Haas II (born on March 27, 1972) is an American professional wrestler and former amateur wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling on its Raw brand.

Sălămaş_River
The Sălămaş River is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania. This means it flows into the Valea Rece River.

Caraclău_River
The Caraclău River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania. This means it flows into the Trotuş River.

Peter_Kropotkin
Prince Peter (Pyotr) Alexeyevich Kropotkin () (9 December 1842 - 8 February 1921) was one of Russia's most important anarchists and one of the first advocates of anarchist communism. Because of his title of prince and his fame as an anarchist in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, he was known by some as "the Anarchist Prince".

The_Artist_in_the_Ambulance
"The Artist in the Ambulance" is the third album by the post-hardcore band Thrice. It was released on July 22 2003.
Like previous Thrice albums, some of the money made from selling "The Artist in the Ambulance" was given to a charity. The album's booklet features individual cards that have lyrics from Thrice songs, notes, photographs and comments from the band members and the producer.
"Stare at the Sun" is a main single from the album.

David_Bartlett
David John Bartlett (born 19 January 1968) is the 43rd Premier of Tasmania. He became Premier on 26 May 2008. He is from the Labor Party.

Izvorul_Negru_River_(Asău)
The Izvorul Negru River or Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania. That means if flows into the Asău River. Fishing on the Asău River is allowed only downstream of the !!confluence with the Izvorul Negru River.

Barta_River
The Barta River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania. That means it flows into the Asău River.

Sugura_River
The Sugura River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania. This means it flows into the Trotuş River.

Minaret
A minaret is a structure like a tower. Minarets are associated with mosques, because many mosques have minarets. Minarets are used by muezzins to call Muslims to prayers five times a day.

Gherpălocul_Mare_River
The Gherpălocul Mare River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania. This means it flows into the Belcina River.

Valea_Râpoasă_River_(Arcuş)
The Valea Râpoasă River is a tributary of the Arcuş River in Romania. This means it flows into the Arcuş River.

Krompachy
Krompachy (German: Krompach, Hungarian: Korompa) is a town in Slovakia, located on the valley of the Hornád River. Until the end of the 20th century it was a centre of mining and metallurgy, particularly iron and copper. It is now an alpine resort, close to the Plejsy ski center.

Beltway_sniper_attacks
The Beltway Sniper attacks were a series of sniper attacks on innocent civilians over three weeks in October 2002. The shootings all took place in the Maryland and Virginia area, mainly in and around Washington DC.

Kirthar_National_Park
'Kirthar National Park is located in Kirthar Mountains range. It is second biggest National Parks of Pakistan, while Hingol National Park being the biggest. It is also the first National Park from Pakistan to be included in the 1975 United Nation's list of National Parks around the world.

W-PuTTY-CD
W-PuTTY-CD holds PuTTY communications protocol in a Microsoft Windows DLL file.
Applications using W-PuTTY-CD act as clients for the SSH, Telnet, rlogin, and raw TCP computing protocols and automatically get securely communications with other computers.
WPuTTYCD or WPuTTYCD.DLL, is the project name, while the hyphens("-") are used to show that the communication part of the PuTTY program is inside the DLL.
W-PuTTY-CD is currently beta software. Licensed under the MIT License, and it is free and open source software.

2005_civil_unrest_in_France
The 2005 civil unrest in France was a series of riots in October and November. Many cars and public buildings, for example schools were burnt. The riots startet in October 25, 2005 in Clichy-sous-Bois, a suburb of Paris. Afterwards they spread to other parts of France. Together they lasted for about 3 weeks. The riots were a reaction to the accidental death of two teenage boys and the serious injuries of another. The three boys hid in a power substation and got an electric shock, after being chased by police. However the boys did not commit a crime.
The event starting the riots.
The "The New York Times" said the incident started at 17:20 on Thursday, 27 October 2005 in Clichy-sous-Bois. They said they know this from a police report. The police were called to a constuction site, because of a burglary. Three teenagers thought they were being chased by the police, so they climed a fence of a power substation. This was because the feared long questioning by the police. Another 6 teenagers were caught by the police for questioning by 17:50. At 18:12 at the local police station in Livry-Gargan the lights went out because of a black-out. This black-out was caused by the death of Zyed Benna and Bouna Traoré in the power station and the injury of the third boy.
There is a controversy, if the boys were chased by police. The local prosecuter and Nicholas Sarkozy, who was minister of interior at that time said no. But the newspaper "The Australian", who asked some of his friends, said yes.
Before this event there had been in issues with unemployment and police brutality in this town. But after this event mobs of protesters gathered. The "Associated Press" quoted a protester with "People are joining together to say we've had enough. We live in ghettos. Everyone lives in fear."

Mogoşoaia_River
The Mogoşoaia River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania. This means it flows into the Doftana River.

Zănoaga_River_(Urlăţelu)
The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania. This means it flows into the Valea Mare River.

2010_FIFA_World_Cup
The 2010 World cup is the 19th FIFA World Cup being held in South Africa. It will be the first time that an African country will host The FIFA tournament.

Jayson_Paul
Jayson Paul (born December 10 1984) is an American professional wrestler better known by the ring name JTG (Just That Gangsta). He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment where he and his partner Shad Gaspard wrestle on the Raw brand as the tag team, Cryme Tyme.

Neil_Warnock
Neil Warnock is a former football player.

Serie_A_1991-92
Statistics of Serie A in season 1991/1992.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Milan won the championship.

Division_1_1952-53
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1952/1953.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Stade Reims won the championship.

Martin_Peters
Martin Peters is a former football player. He has played for England national team.

Serie_A_2002-03
Statistics of Serie A in season 2002/2003.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Juventus won the championship.

Serie_A_2006-07
Statistics of Serie A in season 2006/2007.
Overview.
It was contested by 20 teams, and Internazionale Milano won the championship.

Valea_Caselor_River_(Sohodol)
The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Viezurata River in Romania. This means it flows into the Viezurata River.

Păltinei_River_(Tismana)
The Păltinei River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania. This means it flows into the Tismana River.

Strâmba_River_(Tismana)
The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania. This means it flows into the Tismana River.

Valea_Ulucilor_River
The Valea Ulucilor River is a tributary of the Valea Peşterii River in Romania. This means it flows into the Valea Peşterii River.

Valea_Lespezilor_River
The Valea Lespezilor River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania. This means it flows into the Valea Brusturetului River.

Padina_Şirnii_River
The Padina Şirnii River is a headwater of the Padina Dâncioarei River in Romania. This means it flows into the Padina Dâncioarei River.

Ginger
Ginger is commonly used as a cooking spice throughout the world. It is the rhizome of the perennial plant "Zingiber officinale" in the family "Zingiberaceae". The ginger plant has a long history of cultivation, known to have came from China and then spread to India, Southeast Asia, West Africa, and the Caribbean.

Mercury-in-glass_thermometer
Mercury is a dense, opaque, metallic gray liquid. Mercury was often used in thermometers as it expands uniformly with any rise in the temperature. However, mercury is expensive, toxic, and cannot be used to measure temperatures lower than -39˚C (as mercury freezes at that point). Mercury has been replaced largely by alcohol for use in thermometers, as alcohol is cheaper and safer than mercury.

David_Brand
Sir David Brand (1 August 1912 – 15 April 1979) was the 19th Premier of Western Australia from 2 April 1959 to 3 March 1971. He was from the Liberal Party.

Driveshaft
A drive shaft, driving shaft, propeller shaft, or Cardan shaft is a mechanical device for transferring power from the engine or motor to the point where useful work is applied. Most engines or motors deliver power as torque through rotary motion: this is extracted from the linear motion of pistons in a reciprocating engine; water driving a water wheel; or forced gas or water in a turbine. From the point of delivery, the components of power transmission form the drive train.
Drive shafts are carriers of torque: they are subject to torsion and shear stress, which represents the difference between the input force and the load. They thus need to be strong enough to bear the stress, without imposing too great an additional inertia by virtue of the weight of the shaft.
Vehicles.
Most automobiles today use rigid drive shafts to deliver power from a transmission to the wheels. A pair of short drive shafts is commonly used to send power from a central differential, transmission to the wheels.
In British English, the term "drive shaft" is restricted to a transverse shaft which transmits power to the wheels, especially the front wheels. A drive shaft connecting the gearbox to a rear differential is called a propeller shaft, or prop-shaft. A drive shaft connecting a rear differential to a rear wheel may be called a half shaft. The name comes from the fact that two such shafts are required to form one rear axle.
The Slip in Tube Drive shaft is the new type which also helps in Crash Energy Management. It can be compressed in case of crash. It is also known as a collapsible drive shaft.
Motorcycle drive shafts.
Drive shafts have been used on motorcycles almost as long as there have been motorcycles. As an alternative to chain and belt drives, drive shafts offer relatively maintenance-free operation and long life. A disadvantage of shaft drive on a motorcycle is that gearing is needed to turn the power 90° from the shaft to the rear wheel, losing some power in the process. On the other hand, it is easier to protect the shaft linkages and drive gears from dust, sand and mud.

NUbuntu
nUbuntu or Network Ubuntu is a project to take the existing Ubuntu operating system and remaster it as a Live CD and Full Install with tools needed for penetration testing servers and networks. The main idea is to keep Ubuntu's ease of use and mix it with popular penetration testing tools. Besides usage for network and server testing, nUbuntu will be made to be a desktop distribution for advanced Linux users.
Contents.
nUbuntu uses the light window manager Fluxbox.
It includes some of the most used security programs for Linux, such as Wireshark, nmap, dSniff, and Ettercap.
Releases.
Below is a list of previous and current releases.

Valea_Băilor_River_(Criş)
The Valea Băilor River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania. This means it flows into the Moneasa River.

Somali_language
Somali () is a member of the East Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family spoken by ethnic Somalis in Somalia, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Yemen and Kenya, as well as by the Somali diaspora around the world -- an estimated total population of between 10 and 16 million speakers.

Indus_Waters_Treaty
The Indus Waters Treaty is a water-sharing treaty between the Republic Of India and Islamic Republic Of Pakistan. The treaty was signed in Karachi on September 19, 1960 by the then Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and the then President of Pakistan Field Marshal Mohammad Ayub Khan. The World Bank (then the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development) is a signatory as a third party.
Provisions.
The Indus System of Rivers comprises three Western Rivers - the Indus, the Jhelum and Chenab and three Eastern Rivers - the Sutlej, the Beas and the Ravi; and with minor exceptions, the treaty gives India exclusive use of all of the waters of the Eastern Rivers and their tributaries before the point where the rivers enter Pakistan. Similarly, Pakistan has exclusive use of the Western Rivers. Pakistan also received one-time financial compensation for the loss of water from the Eastern rivers.
The countries agree to exchange data and co-operate in matters related to the treaty. For this purpose, treaty creates the Permanent Indus Commission, with a commissioner appointed by each country.

British_Rail
British Rail was the national train operating company in the United Kingdom from 1948 until 1997 when it was privatised.

Discovering_the_Waterfront
"Discovering the Waterfront" is a song by Silverstein. It is the title track of their second album.
Music video.
The official music video featured the band laying down and singing/talking on the phone. However, there was also a montage video released on victory records, which includes the band playing on stage and some of them standing in the way of closing elevator doors getting hurt.

Mahmud_Shah_Durrani
Mahmud Shah Durrani was the ruler of the Durrani Empire between 1801 and 1803, again between 1809 and 1818. He was the son of Timur Shah Durrani and half-brother of his predecessor, Zaman Shah. On July 25, 1801, Zaman Shah was deposed, and Mahmud Shah ascended to rulership. He then had a chequered career; he was deposed in 1803, restored in 1809, and finally deposed again in 1818. He died in 1829. Between his two stnts, the country was ruled by Shoja Shah, another of his half-brothers.

Abnormal_psychology
Abnormal psychology is the interpretive and scientific study of abnormal thoughts and behavior in order to understand and correct abnormal patterns of functioning. The definition of what constitutes 'abnormal' has varied across time and across cultures, and varies among individuals within cultures. It is often associated with a mental disorder. Abnormal psychology can be described as an area of psychology that studies people who are consistently unable to adapt and function effectively in a variety of conditions.

Przewalski's_Horse
The Przewalski's horse ("Equus przewalskii" or "E. caballus przewalskii"), also known as the Mongolian Wild Horse, or Takhi, is the closest living relative of the Domestic Horse and may in fact be the same species. (Authorities differ about the correct classification). The two are the only equids that can cross-breed and produce fertile offspring.
The current (as of 2002) world population of these horses is about 1000, all descended from approximately 15 captured around 1900 and bred in zoos. The wild population in Mongolia died out in the 1960s; captive-bred horses were returned to the wild starting in 1992. The area to which they have been reintroduced became Hustai National Park in 1998.

Bodroc_River
The Bodroc River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania. That means it flows into the Almaş River.

Brusturescu_River
The Brusturescu River is a tributary of the Zimbru River in Romania. This means it flows into the Zimbru River.

Căluieţ_River
The Căluieţ River is a tributary of the Călui River in Romania. This means it flows into the Călui River.

Hot_N_Cold
"Hot N Cold" is the second single by pop singer Katy Perry. The song came from the album "One of the Boys". The single was released September 30th, 2008.

Cuba-Pakistan_relations
Cuban-Pakistani relations are the bilateral relations between the Republic of Cuba and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. The relations between the two countries strengthened after Cuba provided humanitarian assistance to the victims of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake. Both the nations continue to strengthen the bilateral relations especially in the fields of higher education, agriculture, industry and science and technology and have also held talks for military cooperation.

Murray_Bookchin
Murray Bookchin (January 14, 1921 – July 30, 2006) was an American libertarian socialist, political and social philosopher, speaker and writer. For much of his life he called himself an anarchist, although as early as 1995 he privately renounced his identification with the anarchist movement. A pioneer in the ecology movement, Bookchin was the founder of the social ecology movement within libertarian socialist and ecological thought. He was the author of two dozen books on politics, philosophy, history, and urban affairs as well as ecology.
Bookchin was a radical anti-capitalist and always asked the decentralisation of society. His writings on libertarian municipalism, a theory of face-to-face, grassroots democracy, had an influence on the Green Movement and anti-capitalist direct action groups such as Reclaim the Streets. His criticisms of "new age" Greens such as Charlene Spretnak contributed to the divisions in the American Green movement in the 1990s.
Libertarian municipalism.
Bookchin was the first to use the term "Libertarian municipalism", to describe a system in which libertarian institutions of directly democratic assemblies would oppose and replace the State with a confederation of free municipalities. Libertarian municipalism intends to create a situation in which the two powers — the municipal confederations and the nation-state — cannot coexist.

Murray_N._Rothbard
Murray Newton Rothbard (March 2, 1926 – January 7, 1995) was an American economist of the Austrian School who helped define modern libertarianism and founded a form of free-market anarchism called by himself "anarcho-capitalism". Rothbard always thought about a spontaneous order and he didn't like the central planning in favour of an individualist anarchist conclusion.

Philippsburg
Philippsburg is a city in Germany. It is in the district of Karlsruhe in Baden-Württemberg.

Tamarca_River
The Tamarca River or Tătarca River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania. This means it flows into the Bahlui River.

Sbanţ_River
The Sbanţ River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania. This means it flows into the Jijioara River.

United_States_Secretary_of_Commerce
The United States Secretary of Commerce is the head of the United States Department of Commerce concerned with business and industry; the Department states its mission to be "to foster, promote, and develop the foreign and domestic commerce." Until 1913 there was one Secretary of Commerce and Labor, uniting this department with the Department of Labor, which is now headed by a separate Secretary of Labor.
List of Secretaries of Commerce.
Footnote: Under Secretary of Commerce Luther H. Hodges Jr served as Interim Secretary of Commerce October 31, 1979 to January 9, 1980.
From 25 July 1987 to 19 October 1987, Clarence J. Brown Jr. was Acting Secretary

Eircom_Premier_Division
The Eircom football league was a football league in the Republic of Ireland. It existed from 1921 until 2006. In 2007, it was replaced with the FAI Premier Division.

Stormbreaker_(novel)
"Stormbreaker" is a 2000 book by British writer Anthony Horowitz. It was released on September 4, 2000 in the United Kingdomand May 21, 2001 in the United States. A movie based on the book was released on July 21, 2006. It starred Alex Pettyfer as the book's main character, Alex Rider.

The_Football_League_1909-10
Statistics of The Football League in season 1909/1910.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and Aston Villa won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and Manchester City won the championship.

Serie_B_1962-63
Statistics of Serie B in season 1962/1963.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and Messina won the championship.

Flag_of_the_Netherlands
The flag of the Netherlands is a tricolour of red, white, and blue. It was introduced in 1572. Since 1937, the flag has officially been the national flag of the Netherlands and of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Description.
The national flag of the Netherlands is a tricolour flag. The colors are red (bright vermilion), white (silver), and blue (cobalt blue). The first Stadtholder, or ruler, of the Dutch Republic was William of Orange, who joined with Dutch nationalists and led the struggle for independence from Spain. Partly out of respect for him, the first flag adopted by the Dutch was originally orange, white, and blue. The orange dye was particularly unstable and tended to turn red after a while, so in the mid-17th century, red was made the official color. The flag has flown since then. As the first revolutionary flag, it has had an influence throughout the world. Until about 1800, in the case of both the orange- and the red-striped versions, the number of stripes and their order frequently varied.

Sante_Geronimo_Caserio
Sante Geronimo Caserio (September 8, 1873 - August 16, 1894) was an Italian anarchist that stabbed the French president of the French Third Republic Marie François Sadi Carnot.
Caserio was executed by guillotine in Lyon at 5am, August 16, 1894. In front of the guillotine, he screamed "Coraggio compagni—evviva l' anarchia!" ("Courage, comrades—long live anarchy!")

United_States_Department_of_Energy
The United States Department of Energy (DOE) is a Cabinet-level department of the United States government responsible for energy policy and nuclear safety. Its responsibilities include the nation's nuclear weapons program, nuclear reactor production for the United States Navy, energy conservation, energy-related research, radioactive waste disposal, and domestic energy production. DOE also sponsors more basic and applied scientific research than any other US federal agency; most of this is funded through its system of United States Department of Energy National Laboratories.

James_Forrestal
James Vincent Forrestal (February 15, 1892 – May 22, 1949) was a United States Secretary of the Navy and the first United States Secretary of Defense.

James_Inglis_(rugby_union)
James Inglis born 26 August, 1986 in England is a rugby union player for Harlequins in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a second-row.

Router
A router is a computer whose software and hardware are usually customized to perform tasks of routing and forwarding information. Routers generally contain a specialized operating system, RAM, NVRAM, flash memory, and one or more processors, as well as two or more network interfaces.
Routers connect two or more logical subnets, which do not necessarily map one-to-one to the physical interfaces of the router. The term layer 3 switch often is used interchangeably with router, but switch is really a general term without a precise technical definition; network switches are generally optimized for Ethernet LAN interfaces and may not have other physical interface types.

Private_network
In Internet terminology a private network is typically a network that uses private IP address space, following the RFC 1918 standard. Computers may be allocated addresses from this address space when it is necessary for them to communicate with other computing devices on an Intranet network (internal private computer network that uses the Internet Protocol).
Private networks are quite common in home and office local area network (LAN) designs, as many organizations do not see a need for globally unique IP addresses for every computer, printer and other devices that the organizations use. Private IP addresses were created due to the shortage of publicly registered IP addresses created by the IPv4 standard. One of the reasons IPv6 was created is to overcome this limitation of the IPv4 standard. However IPv6 still did not achieve a widespread use.
Routers on the Internet should be configured to discard any packets containing private IP addresses in the IP packet header. This isolation gives private networks a basic form of security as it is not usually possible for the outside world to establish a connection directly to a machine using these private addresses. As connections cannot be made between different private networks via the internet, different organizations can use the same private address range without risking address conflicts (communications accidents caused by reaching a third party using the same IP address).
If a device on a private network needs to communicate with other networks, a "mediating gateway" (in-between gateway) is needed to ensure that the outside network is presented with an address that is "real" (or publicly reachable) so that Internet routers allow the communication. This gateway is typically a NAT device or a proxy server. Public Internet Routers by default will not forward packets with RFC 1918 addresses. Unlike public Internet routers that need additional configuration to forward these packets, internal routers do not need any additional configuration to forward these packets.
This can cause problems, however, when organizations try to connect networks that both use the same private address spaces. There is a potential for clashes and routing problems if both networks use the same IP addresses for their private networks, or if both networks depend on NAT to connect them through the Internet.
Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) private addresses.
The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) is the entity that manage global IP address allocation, DNS root zone management, media types, and other Internet protocol assignments. It is operated by ICANN.
For someone familiar with the boundaries of classful addressing, it is important to note that even though the RFC 1918 range of 172.16.0.0-172.31.255.255 falls in the traditional class B range, the block of addresses reserved is not a /16, but a /12. The same applies for the range of 192.168.0.0-192.168.255.255; this block is not a /24, but a /16. However, someone can still (and many individuals typically do) use addresses from these CIDR blocks and apply a subnet mask appropriate for the traditional classful boundary of the address.
To reduce the load on root nameservers caused by the reverse DNS lookups of these IP addresses, a system of "black-hole" nameservers is provided by anycast network AS112.

Mumia_Abu-Jamal
Mumia Abu-Jamal (born Wesley Cook on April 24, 1954) is an American who was convicted and sentenced to death for the 1981 murder of police officer Daniel Faulkner. Before his arrest he was a Black Panther Party activist, taxi driver, and journalist. Since his conviction, his case has received international attention and he has become a controversial cultural icon. Supporters and opponents disagree on the appropriateness of the death penalty, if he is guilty, or if he received a fair trial. During his imprisonment he has published several books and other commentaries, notably "Live from Death Row". As of 2008, his legal appeals are still unsettled and he is a prisoner at State Correctional Institution Greene near Waynesburg, Pennsylvania.

Shounen_(media)
Shounen is a type of media meant for boys usually between the ages of about 10 and 17. It often refers to manga. Examples include "Dragon Ball", "Bleach", "One Piece", "InuYasha", "Naruto", "Yu Yu Hakusho", and "Yu-Gi-Oh!".
Shounen is usually noticed by its high amounts of fighting. It often has humorous plots with male characters. It often has themes of friendship. Fighting teams and similar groups are often shown. Attractive female characters are also common, but not always present. The art style of shounen is usually less pretty than shoujo.
Beyond shounen manga, manga for men (age 18+) is called seinen. Very few seinen manga have been published outside of Japan. In Japan, many older men read shounen magazines. Because of this, in Japan, shounen manga magazines are the most popular manga magazines.

United_States_Secretary_of_War
The Secretary of War was a member of the United States President's Cabinet, beginning with George Washington's administration. A similar position, called either "Secretary at War" or "Secretary of War," was appointed to serve the Congress of the Confederation under the Articles of Confederation between 1781 and 1789. Benjamin Lincoln and later Henry Knox held the position. When Washington was inaugurated as the first president under the Constitution, he appointed Knox to continue serving.
The Secretary of War led the War Department. At first, he was responsible for all military affairs. In 1798, the Secretary of the Navy was added to the cabinet, and the scope of this office was reduced to a general concern with the Army. In 1947, the departments were recombined under the Secretary of Defense. The Secretary of War was replaced by the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force, non-Cabinet positions under the Secretary of Defense.

Les_Ferdinand
Les Ferdinand is a former football player. He has played for England national team.

Serie_B_2002-03
Statistics of Serie B in season 2002/2003.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and Siena won the championship.

Serie_B_2003-04
Statistics of Serie B in season 2003/2004.
Overview.
It was performed in 24 teams, and Città di Palermo won the championship.

Iván_Zamorano
Iván Zamorano is a former football player. He has played for Chile national team.

Marc_Jones
Marc Jones born 3 April, 1987 in Pontypridd, Wales is a rugby union player for the Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a hooker.

Blowfish_(cipher)
In cryptography, Blowfish is a keyed, symmetric block cipher, made in 1993 by Bruce Schneier and since 1993 has been included(put together) in a large number of encryption products. Blowfish has a good encryption rate in software and until 2008 no cryptanalytic attack model of it has been found. However, the AES block cipher algorithm now has more attention.
Schneier made Blowfish as a general-purpose algorithm, to be used as a replacement for the old DES algorithm and to get remove the problems and difficulties of other encryption algorithms. At the time Blowfish was released, many other algorithms were proprietary, or were secrets. Schneier has said that, "Blowfish is unpatented, and will remain so in all countries. The algorithm is hereby placed in the public domain, and can be freely used by anyone."
Main features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes and a very complex key schedule. Blowfish is one of the fastest block ciphers used by many people, except when changing keys. Each new key needs to be pre-processed which takes the same time as encrypting about 4 kilobytes of text, which is very slow compared to other block ciphers. This stops its use in certain applications (such as in the smallest embedded systems like the early smartcards), but it is not a problem in other applications. In one of the applications, it is actually good: the password-hashing method used in OpenBSD uses an algorithm that comes from Blowfish which makes use of the slow key schedule; the idea is that the extra computational effort required gives protection against dictionary attacks. "See" key strengthening.
Blowfish has a 64-bit block size and a variable key length from 0 up to 448 bits
It is a 16-round Feistel cipher and uses large key-dependent S-boxes. It is similar in structure to CAST-128, which uses fixed S-boxes.
In 1996, Serge Vaudenay found a known-plaintext attack needing 28"r" + 1 known plaintexts to break, where "r" is the number of rounds. Moreover, he also found a class of weak keys that can be detected and broken by the same attack with only 24"r" + 1 known plaintexts. This attack cannot be used against the regular Blowfish; it assumes knowledge of the key-dependent S-boxes. Vincent Rijmen, in his Ph.D. papers, introduced a second-order differential attack that can break four rounds and no more. Still there is no known way to break the full 16 rounds, apart from a brute-force search.
A sign extension bug in one of the published C code has been found in 1996.
There is no good cryptanalysis on the full-round version of Blowfish known publicly till 2008. However in 2007, Bruce Schneier noted that while Blowfish is still in use, he recommended using the new Twofish algorithm instead

PuTTY
PuTTY is a terminal emulator application which can act as a client for the SSH, Telnet, rlogin, and raw TCP computing protocols. The word "PuTTY" has no meaning, though 'tty' is sometimes used to refer to the Unix terminals, as an acronym for 'teletype'.
PuTTY was originally written for Microsoft Windows, but it has been ported to various other operating systems including some Unix-like platforms. Mac OS and Mac OS X are still being ported, while unofficial ports have been ported it to the Symbian and Windows Mobile operating systems.
PuTTY is currently beta software. Licensed under the MIT License, and it is free and open source software.

Sadomasochism
Sadomasochism is a word which is mostly used in a social (non-medical) way. It means that people get together to either give or receive pain and humiliation. Usually is a way of sex play.
"Sadists" enjoy inflicting pain to others or humiliating them. "Masochists" get pleasure from being tortured, hurt, or humiliated.

Tipper_Gore
Mary Elizabeth Aitcheson Gore (born August 19, 1948) is an author, photographer, former "Second Lady of the United States," and the wife of Al Gore. She is referred to as "Tipper."

Zlib_License
The Zlib licence is an open source software license.

Alex_Shaw
Alex Shaw (born 31 March 1987 in Maidstone, Kent, England) is a rugby union player for Sale Sharks in the Guinness Premiership. He plays as a back-row.

Hostname
A hostname (also known as, a sitename) is the unique name by which a network device (which may be a computer, file server, network storage device, fax machine, copier, cable modem, etc.) is defined and known on a network. The hostname is used to identify a particular host in various electronic communication networks such as the World Wide Web, e-mail or Usenet.
On the Internet, the terms "hostname" and "domain name" are often misused interchangeably, but there are subtle technical differences between them.

United_States_National_Security_Council
The White House National Security Council (NSC) in the United States is the principal forum used by the President for considering national security and foreign policy matters with his senior national security advisors and Cabinet officials and is part of the President's Executive Office. It began under President Harry S. Truman.

Defense_Intelligence_Agency
The Defense Intelligence Agency, or DIA, is a major producer and manager of military intelligence for the United States Department of Defense, employing over 11,000 military and civilian employees worldwide. The Defense Intelligence Community is headed by the DIA, through its Director (who chairs the Military Intelligence Board), and coordinates the activities of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force intelligence components. The DIA and DIC provide military intelligence to warfighters, defense policymakers and force planners within the Department of Defense and the United States Intelligence Community, in support of U.S. military planning and operations and weapon systems acquisition. DIA, designated in 1986 as a Defense Department combat support agency, was established in 1961 as a result of a decision by Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara, under President John F. Kennedy. The Department of Defense created DIA with the publication of Directive 5105.21, "Defense Intelligence Agency" on 1 August, effective 1 October 1961. DIA was preceded by the Counter Intelligence Corps.

Zub
Zub is a computer game made for use on the Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum computers which was released in 1986 by Mastertronic. The code was written by John and Ste Pickford on the ZX Spectrum and Phillip Brian Allsopp on the Commodore 64, and the music was composed by David Whittaker.
The story of the game.
Zub works for the Emperor Zub of the Zub galactic empire and must find the Green Eye of Zub. Zub has been permitted to use the Ancient Intergalactic Elevators which take him to other planets. The elevators can only be reached by jumping and riding on platforms to reach the top of the sky. The platforms and elevators are guarded by creatures (also known as Zubs) but each planet has a different sub-species - for example the first level's Zub resembles a gyroscope whilst he fourth level Zub is a fish. The Zubs can be shot and stunned. They will float to the top of the sky where the recover and return to attack Zub again. The Green Eye of Zub was located on the tenth planet and once the Eye is found, Zub has to return to the first planet to give the Eye of Zub to Emperor Zub.
There are seven difficulty levels, each one increases the number of enemy Zubs per planet.

United_States_Department_of_Transportation
The United States Department of Transportation (DOT) is a federal Cabinet department of the United States government concerned with transportation. It was established by an act of Congress on October 15, 1966 and began operation on April 1, 1967. It is administered by the United States Secretary of Transportation.

United_States_Secretary_of_Health,_Education,_and_Welfare
The United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare was the head of the United States Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. The Secretary was a member of the President's Cabinet. In 1979, there was a division of the Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare's position into separate secretaries of Health and Human Services and Education.

Samuel_Dexter
Samuel Dexter (May 14, 1761 – May 4, 1816) was an early American statesman who served both in Congress and in the Presidential Cabinet.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, to the Rev. Samuel Dexter, the 4th minister of Dedham, he graduated from Harvard University in 1781 and then studied law at Worcester under Levi Lincoln, Sr., the future Attorney General of the United States. After he passed the bar in 1784, he began practicing in Lunenburg, Massachusetts.

Coat_of_Arms_of_Afghanistan
The National Emblem of Afghanistan has appeared in some form on the Flag of Afghanistan since the inception of that nation. The most notable absence was during the 1980s when a Communist regime ruled the nation, and in the late 1990s, during the rule of the Taliban.
The latest incarnation of the coat of arms has the added inscription of the shahadah in Arabic at the top. Below it is the image of a mosque with a mehrab that is facing Mecca with a prayer mat inside. Attached to the mosque are two flags, taken to stand for flags of Afghanistan. Beneath the mosque is an inscription that states the name of the nation. Around the mosque is a garland.

Evan_Longoria
Evan Michael "Longo" Longoria is a third baseman for the Tampa Bay Rays. Longoria is in his Rookie year in Major League Baseball, where he has won the American League Rookie of the Year award.

Benjamin_Stoddert
Benjamin Stoddert (1751 – December 13, 1813) was the first United States Secretary of the Navy from May 1, 1798 to March 31, 1801.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1953-54
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1953/1954.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and Shamrock Rovers won the championship.

Vladimír_Šmicer
Vladimír Šmicer is a football player. He plays for Slavia Prague.

Primera_División_Argentina_1981
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1981.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Boca Juniors won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 28 teams, and River Plate won the championship.
Semifinals.
River Plate advanced on away goals rule
Final.
River Plate won the championship.

The_Football_League_1919-20
Statistics of The Football League in season 1919/1920.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and West Bromwich Albion won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 22 teams, and Tottenham Hotspur won the championship.

FC_Porto
Futebol Clube do Porto (pron.) - short: FC Porto or FCP - is a Portuguese sports club best known for its football team. It was created in Porto in 1893. It holds the best International record by a Portuguese team (6 international titles), having won the European Cup and the Intercontinental Cup twice each. In 2003, it brought Portugal's first UEFA Cup and in 1987 it brought Portugal's first UEFA Supercup. Domestically they hold the best record of five titles in a row, having won the Portuguese Liga 23 times, the Portuguese Cup 17 times and Portuguese Supercup 15 times (55 national titles).
It was founded in the northern city of Porto on September 28, 1893, by wine-salesman António Nicolau de Almeida' who had his first contact with the game of football on one of his trips to England. The club was revived in 1906 by Monteiro da Costa.

George_Throssell
George Lionel Throssell (23 May 1840 – 30 August 1910) was the 2nd Premier of Western Australia from 15 February 1901 to 27 May 1901.

On_a_Day_Like_Today_(album)
"On a Day Like Today" is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams, released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).

Tropical_Storm_Cristobal_(2008)
Tropical Storm Cristobal was the third tropical storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. It began on July 19 as a weather system away from the Southeast U.S. Coast. It became a tropical storm later that day. Cristobal stayed away from land, and reached its highest strength as a strong tropical storm on July 21. It moved to the northeast next to the U.S. East Coast and died out on July 23 near Nova Scotia. Because it was a weak storm and never moved onto land, Cristobal's damages were mostly moderate rainfall. The storm dropped 3.43 in (87 mm) of rain in Wilmington, North Carolina, where minor flooding happened. Also, the remnants helped produce rainfall on Nova Scotia, which caused some flooding on roads and in basements.
Storm history.
On July 14, 2008 a weakening weather system stretched across northern Florida, causing thunderstorms. A weak low pressure area formed on July 15 near Tallahassee, which moved towards the southeast into the Gulf of Mexico. Late on July 16, it moved onto land near Tampa, and strengthening was not expected. However, late on July 17, thunderstorms became stronger around the low pressure area, and the system started to get better organized. Late on July 18, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) said that a tropical depression was forming. At 11 p.m. EST on July 18 (0300 UTC July 19), it was classified as Tropical Depression Three, about 65 miles (105 km) to the southeast of Charleston, South Carolina.
It was located between an area of high pressure to its southeast and another one to the northwest, the depression moved slowly towards the northeast. It became a weak tropical storm during the early afternoon of July 19. In the beginning, the storm was not strong, with few strong thunderstorms. Dry air in the middle- to-upper-levels of the atmosphere caused the storm to not strengthen. However, late on July 20 thunderstorms became more active. Cristobal stayed as a weak tropical storm during the time that it moved close to the South Carolina and North Carolina coast, and the storm never moved onto land. It reached its highest intensity as a strong tropical storm on July 21 while it passed east of Cape Hatteras, and stayed the same over the warm Gulf Stream. The storm started to enter cooler waters, and the cyclone quickly moved towards the east-northeastward on July 21 and July 22. In the afternoon of July 22, Cristobal began to weaken while to the south of Nova Scotia. The storm's cloud pattern became weak, and on July 23, it became an extratropical cyclone, and was no longer a tropical storm. The National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the system at 5:00 am EDT (0900 UTC) on July 23.
Impact.
Before the storm, the National Hurricane Center started a tropical storm warning from Cape Lookout, North Carolina to the Virginia–North Carolina border. Before Cristobal formed, it produced light rain in Florida. At Lake Wales, about 6 inches (150 mm) of rainfell, mostly in a two hour period. The rain clogged storm drains, which caused light flooding. The rain caused no serious problems, and helped get rid of dry conditions. The storm dropped in Wilmington, North Carolina. Minor flooding happened there. Because most of the storm stayed out to sea, winds along the coast were light. On the coast, storm surge reached above normal. Winds that were of tropical storm-strength were reported offshore. No severe damage was reported.
Cristobal helped produce heavy rain and flooding in Atlantic Canada. At Baccaro Point on the southern tip of Nova Scotia, 224 mm (8.8 in) of rain was fell. There was flooding to basements and streets in Cape Sable. A sailor from Connecticut was rescued to the southeast of Halifax by a Canadian helicopter, because his ship capsized in the strong waves.

Vichy
Vichy is a commune in the department of Allier in central France. It has lots of Spas and resorts. During World War II, it was the capital of Vichy France.

Maghreb
The Maghreb (المغرب العربي) is a region in North Africa. The term is generally applied to all of Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia, but in older Arabic usage meant only the area of the three countries between the high ranges of the Atlas Mountains and the Mediterranean Sea. Historically, some writers also included muslim ruled regions in Spain, Portugal, Sicily and Malta in the definition. Malta, in particular, still speaks a language based on its own Maghrebi Arabic variety: Maltese.

Lakes_of_Titan
The lakes of Titan, a moon of Saturn, are made of liquid methane. The lakes were found by the "Cassini-Huygens" space probe. The larger lakes are known as maria (seas) and the smaller ones as laci (lakes).
It was possible that there were seas of liquid methane on Titan and first suggested after reading Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 information that showed Titan to have a thick atmosphere, capable of supporting lakes, but exact evidence wasn't found until 1995 when pictures from the Hubble telescope and other telescopes had already shown some proof of liquid methane, possibly in lakes or planet-wide oceans, similar to oceans on Earth.
The "Cassini" mission proved there are liquid lakes on Titan, but not at first. When the probe arrived in the Saturnian system in 2004, scientists hoped that hydrocarbon lakes or oceans might be seen in reflected sunlight from the surface, but no reflections were found.
Scientists still believed that liquid ethane and methane would be found near Titan's poles, where they expected to find lots of liquid. At Titan's south pole, an large dark area named Ontario Lacus was the first lake identified, possibly created by rain as clouds are often seen in the area. A possible shoreline was also identified at the pole in radar images. As the Huygens-Cassini probe flew by on July 22, 2006, its radar took pictures of the northern part of the planet (which was in its winter), a number of large, smooth areas were found on the surface near the northern pole. Based on this data, scientists announced "definitive evidence of lakes filled with methane on Saturn's moon Titan" in January 2007. The "Cassini–Huygens" team decided that the smooth areas are the hydrocarbon lakes they had been searching for, the first lakes found off Earth. Some valleys appear to have rivers.
The satellite was not able to show pictures of lakes moving in the wind. The heavy moisture and clouds of methane near Titan’s surface could be a sign of evaporation from lakes. The lakes cover 0.002–0.02% of the saturns surface.
The "Cassini-Huygens" probe flew by in February, 2007, taking radar and camera pictures of some large areas near the north pole that may be large areas of liquid methane and/or ethane, including one sea larger than 100,000 km² (larger than Lake Superior), and another area similar in size to the Caspian Sea. Pictures taken near Titan's southern pole in October 2007 showed similar, but far smaller, areas that look like lakes.
The Cassini-Huygens probe, flew very close to Titan in December 2007, and took infrared pictures of the chemicals on the surface and found a lake called Ontario Lacus near the south pole. Scientists studying the infrared pictures decided that one or more of the large lakes in the pictures of Saturn's moon Titan does hold liquid and that the liquid is made of hydrocarbons. They have also found ethane on Titan. This mission proves Titan to be the only other planet known to have liquid on its surface. The lakes make Titan a very important planet for studying weather science. Liquids, gases and temperatures are at play on Titan. This should help the science of weather forecasting.
Lakes were not found near near Titan's center of Titan which was studied on January 14 2005. A part of the Huygens-Cassini probe landed there. The pictures taken by the probe as it fell showed no open areas of liquid, but showed rivers that had dried. It was at first thought that dark areas near the center of Titan could be a lake of a liquid or tar-like substance, but the probe landed on the dark area, and it is solid without any liquid. A penetrometer studied the surface as the probe landed and seemed to find wet clay. Scientists believe that the penetrometer may have landed on a large pebble, and they say that the surface is similar to sand made of ice. Pictures taken after the probe landed show a large flat area covered in pebbles. The pebbles may be made of water ice and are partly rounded, which indicates fluids.
On February 13, 2008, scientists said that Titans polar lakes contain "hundreds of times more natural gas and other hydrocarbons than all the known natural gas on Earth." The desert near the center of the planet are not liquid but do have more organics than Earth.. In June 2008, "Cassinis Visible and Infrared Mapping Spectrometer confirmed the presence of liquid ethane beyond doubt in a lake in Titan's southern hemisphere.
Predictions of Titan's clouds are that during in a Saturnian year, liquid moves from the equator to the poles, in clouds, and falls as rain.
Names of Titans lakes and seas.
Titanian "maria" (large hydrocarbon seas) are named after sea monsters of Earth.
Areas named "Lacus" are believed to be methane lakes. They are named after lakes on Earth.
See also.
Titan (moon)
Solar system

Ingo_Rechenberg
"Ingo Rechenberg (born January 20 1934 in Berlin) is a German computer scientist and professor. Rechenberg is a pioneer of the fields of evolutionary computation and artificial evolution. In the 1960s and 1970s he invented a highly influential set of optimization methods known as evolution strategies (from German "Evolutionsstrategie"). His group successfully applied the new algorithms to challenging problems such as aerodynamic wing design. These were the first serious technical applications of artificial evolution, an important subset of the still growing field of bionics.
Rechenberg was educated at the Technical University of Berlin and at the University of Cambridge. Since 1972 he has been a full professor at the Technical University of Berlin, where he is heading the Department of Bionics and Evolution Techniques.
His awards include the Lifetime Achievement Award of the Evolutionary Programming Society (US, 1995) and the Evolutionary Computation Pioneer Award of the IEEE Neural Networks Society (US, 2002). In 1954, Rechenberg also became world champion in the field of model airplanes.

Noor_Jehan
Noor Jehan (Urdu: نور جہاں) was the adopted stage name for Allah Wasai (born September 21, 1926 – December 23, 2000) who was a Pakistani singer and actress. She is renowned as one of the greatest singers of her time in the Indian subcontinent and was given the honorific title of "Mallika-e-Tarranum" (Urdu: ملکہ ترنم, English: the queen of melody).

Block_size_(cryptography)
In modern cryptography, symmetric key ciphers are generally divided into stream ciphers and block ciphers. Block ciphers operate on a fixed length string of bits. The length of this bit string is the block size. Both the input (plaintext) and output (ciphertext) are the same length; the output cannot be shorter than the input — this is logically required by the Pigeonhole principle and the fact that the cipher must be invertible — and it is simply undesirable for the output to be longer than the input.
The DES is using a block size of 64 bits (8 bytes) while the AES is using a block size of 128 bits (16 bytes). Rijndael, supports block sizes of 128, 192, and 256 bits, although the extra block sizes were not adopted by the AES standard.
A few block ciphers, such as RC5, support a variable block size. The Luby-Rackoff construction and the Outerbridge construction can both increase the effective block size of a cipher.
Few ciphers have unusual block sizes, for example the 3-Way block cipher have an unusual block size of 96 bits (12 bytes).

ESTREAM
eSTREAM is a project to identify "new stream ciphers that might become suitable for widespread adoption", organized by the EU ECRYPT network. It was set up because of the failure of all six stream ciphers submitted to the NESSIE project. The call for primitives was first issued in November 2004. The project was completed in April 2008. The project was divided into separate phases and the project goal was to find algorithms suitable for different kinds of application.

SMS
An SMS, or short messaging service is a type of communication used in mobile phones. More commonly known as a 'text message', someone can send text to another person.
SMS is often slow, as normal calls take priority over sending text messages on a network. There is also a limit of 160 characters that a text message can send.

Oliver_Wolcott
Oliver Wolcott (December 1, 1726 December 1, 1797), was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and also the Articles of Confederation as a representative of Connecticut.
Life.
Oliver Wolcott was born in Windsor, Connecticut as the youngest of fourteen children of the Royal Governor Roger Wolcott. He attended Yale College, graduating in 1747. He was commissioned to raise a militia company to fight in the French and Indian War, and he served the King as Captain in this unit on the northern frontier. At the end of the war, Wolcott studied medicine, then was appointed sheriff of the newly created Litchfield County, Connecticut, serving from about 1751 to 1771.
He participated in the American Revolutionary War as brigadier general and then major general in the Connecticut militia. The Continental Congress appointed him Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and he was elected to the Congress in 1775. He became seriously ill in 1776 and did not sign the Declaration of Independence until some time later. He was engaged in military affairs between 1776-78, and served again in Congress from 1778-1784.
He served again as an Indian Commissioner, and was elected Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut in 1786, assuming the Governorship on the death of Samuel Huntington in 1796, and was reelected to the position, dying in office at the age of seventy-one in Farmington, Connecticut. He is buried in East Cemetery in Litchfield, Connecticut.
Legacy.
The town of Wolcott, Connecticut was named in honor of Oliver and his son, Oliver Jr. His home in Litchfield was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1971.
His son, Oliver Wolcott, Jr., served as Secretary of the Treasury under Presidents George Washington and John Adams and as Governor of Connecticut.

Primera_División_Argentina_1985
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1985.
Overview.
It was performed in 32 teams, and Argentinos Juniors won the championship.
Final.
Argentinos Juniors won the championship.

Division_1_1962-63
Statistics of Division 1 in season 1962/1963.
Overview.
It was contested by 20 teams, and Monaco won the championship.

Alleins
Alleins is a commune of 2,368 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Belcodène
Belcodène is a commune of 1,731 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Carry-le-Rouet
Carry-le-Rouet is a commune of 6,355 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Cuges-les-Pins
Cuges-les-Pins is a commune of 4,708 people (2007). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Fuveau
Fuveau is a commune of 8,558 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Lambesc
Lambesc is a commune of 7,934 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Meyrargues
Meyrargues is a commune of 3,400 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Les_Pennes-Mirabeau
Les Pennes-Mirabeau is a commune of 19,043 people (1999). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Puyloubier
Puyloubier is a commune of 1,671 people (2006). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

2008_Yemen_floods
The 2008 Yemen floods took place on October 23, leaving 65 dead and 20,000 without shelter. The Yemeni governorates of Hadhramaut, Lahij, Al Mahrah and Ta'izz were affected the worst by the floods, and most of the deaths were in Hadhramaut.
Details.
Before the flooding was several days of rain starting on October 23, as the remains of a tropical cyclone moved over the area. Rain continued, with weather systems coming in from neighbouring Saudi Arabia and northern Somalia, causing severe flooding in some areas of Yemen. Better conditions are expected by Sunday.
Thousands of families fled Hadhramaut alone; many schools were used as evacuee shelters, but these could only hold 10% of the affected. Search and rescue teams said that the number of deaths may increase due to the likelihood of people trapped in flooded houses. Electricity and telephone lines were cut off, and many homes were damaged.
Reaction.
The Yemeni government promised to supply tents as a means of emergency shelter, along with other emergency supplies, with six transport aircraft loaded with supplies taking off from Sanaa on Saturday and more scheduled for later. President Ali Abdullah Saleh ordered the creation of a committee to provide aid to affected civilians. Also, the United Arab Emirates declared their intent to provide relief. However, several residents in the city of Shibam say that government assistance and support, if any, is low.
The Organisation of the Islamic Conference declared the situation a "national catastrophe" and started a drive on Saturday to collect funds for the relief of flood victims.
Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh said, "The damages... are great and the catastrophe is also great."
Damage.
Along with deaths, about 730 homes were destroyed, along with businesses and other building projects. The severe thunder of the thunderstorms resulted in at least nine deaths from lightning in the Al Mahrah, Ta'izz and Lahij governorates. The rain also destroyed large amounts of farmland and killed large numbers of livestock.

Upper_class
Upper class is an idea in sociology. It refers to the group of people at the top of a society. Members of an upper class often have great power over resources and governmental policy in their area.

Ordered_pair
 Introduction .
In mathematics, an "ordered pair" is a collection of two objects, where one of the objects is first (the "first coordinate" or "left projection"), and the other is second (the "second coordinate" or "right projection"). An ordered pair where the first coordinate is formula_1 and the second coordinate is formula_2 is usually written formula_3 (sometimes it is written formula_4). If formula_1 is different from formula_2, then the ordered pair formula_3 is different from the ordered pair formula_8 - this is why it is called "ordered".
Properties.
This means that two ordered pairs are equal if and only if: the first coordinates of the pairs are equal, and also the second coordinates of the pairs are equal.
Definition.
Kazimierz Kuratowski was the first person to make this definition.

Sonya_Jehan
Sonya Jehan is an up and coming Pakistani Bollywood actress who is in the early stages of her film career. Jehan's debut film was "Taj Mahal: An Eternal Love Story". Sonya's original name was Sonya Rizvi but was re-christened with the last name Jehan to honor her grandmother, Noor Jehan, who is a legendary singer and Lollywood actress.

Permutation_box
In cryptography, a permutation box (or P-box) is a method of bit-shuffling used to permute or transpose bits (rearrange or swap the order of bits) across S-boxes inputs, maintaining diffusion while transposing.
In block ciphers, the S-boxes and P-Boxes are used to make the relation between the plaintext and the ciphertext difficult to understand (see Shannon's property of confusion).

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1957-58
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1957/1958.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and Drumcondra won the championship.

Rousset,_Bouches-du-Rhône
Rousset is a commune of 4,025 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Saint-Marc-Jaumegarde
Saint-Marc-Jaumegarde is a commune of 1,093 people (2005). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Malaysia-Pakistan_relations
Malaysia-Pakistan relations (Malay Hubungan Malaysia-Pakistan; Urdu --) refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Malaysia and Pakistan. Pakistan has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has an embassy in Islamabad.

Vernègues
Vernègues is a commune of 1,256 people (2004). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the south of France.

Roquefort-sur-Soulzon
Roquefort-sur-Soulzon is a commune of 691 people (2007). It is located in the region Midi-Pyrénées in the Aveyron department in the south of France. It is famous for its cheese (named after the village).

Barrel
Barrel is an old English word for a big holder of liquids, such as petrol, beer, wine or oil. Barrels are most commonly made of either wood or metal.
A barrel is also used to measure liquids. One barrel of oil is about 158.987 litres (42 US gallons). It is shortened as "b". This use may have come from the early Pennsylvanian oil fields where wooden barrels were used to store and move oil around. In 1866, the people of West Virginia started using it regularly. At this time, the amount was set to 42 gallons. It was later world-wide for measuring amounts of oil and pricing it.
Different sizes.
The size of some standard barrels is not the same in all countries. Some countries have different sizes for different liquids.

Rodney_Mullen
John Rodney Mullen (born August 17 1966 in Gainesville, Florida) is a professional freestyle skateboarder, and considered to be one of the most influential skaters in the history of the sport. He is credited with inventing many tricks, including the flat-ground Ollie (originally called the 'ollie pop'), the kickflip (originally called "magic flips"), the Heelflip, the 360 flip, and the Ollie Impossible (more often called the Impossible).
Movie appearance.
Rodney Mullen did many of the skateboarding stunts for Christian Slater in the 1989 skateboarding movie "Gleaming the Cube". He can be seen performing in order to look like Slater. At the end credits he can be seen from an overhead view riding his skateboard with the camera zooming in on his foot work.

Caesar_A._Rodney
Caesar Augustus Rodney (January 4 1772 – June 10 1824) was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party, who served in the Delaware General Assembly, as well as a U.S. Representative from Delaware, U.S. Senator from Delaware, U.S. Attorney General, and U.S. Minister to Argentina. He was the nephew of Caesar Rodney, the signer of the Declaration of Independence who is depicted on the Delaware state quarter.

Nílton_Santos
Nílton Santos is a former football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Primera_División_Argentina_1989-90
Statistics of Primera División Argentina in season 1989/1990.
Overview.
It was performed in 20 teams, and River Plate won the championship.

Egypt-Pakistan_relations
Pakistan and Egypt (Misr), both being muslim countries, share cordial relations. Both are also members of the OIC (Oraganization of Islamic Conference), as well as "the Next eleven" and "D8".

Matt_Stone
Matthew Richard "Matt" Stone (born May 26, 1971) is an Academy Award- nominated Emmy Award- winning American animator, screenwriter, director, producer, voice actor, musician and actor. Along with Trey Parker, he is one of the creators of the critically-acclaimed animated television series, "South Park".

The_Big_Bang_Theory_(TV_Series)
"The Big Bang Theory" is an American situation comedy created and made by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady, which was first shown on CBS on September 24 2007. It concerns two 20-something prodigies; a theoretical and an experimental physicist at Caltech, who live across the hall from a blonde waitress with showbusiness aspirations; their geekiness is contrasted to her busy social life.
It is produced by Warner Bros. Television and Chuck Lorre Productions, and recorded in front of a studio audience.

Cloth_mill_Offermann
In the 18th century, the cloth mill Offermann was a brass factory in the German city of Stolberg. It was later changed to cloth mill and then to a restaurant and apartmentbuilding. The changes show the change of economical needs in that city.
History of the building.
The building was founded as a brass factory. In the 18th century, it was one of many brass factories in the city.
At the end of the 18th century, the brass industry in Stolberg lost importance. The building was sold to a clothier of the nearby village of Imgenbroich. He produced cloth for more than 60 years.
At the beginning of the 19th century, the building was used as a restaurant. Some parts of the building were greatly in need of repair.
At the end of the 20th century, major repairs were done to the building. Currently, it is used as an apartment building.

Cantal
Cantal (Occitan: "Cantal", "Cantau", "Chantal", "Chantau") is a department in south of France. Its name comes from the Cantal mountain range, some extinct volcanic peaks. Its population is 150,778 (1999) and its prefecture is Aurillac. It is also one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution.

Dearly_Devoted_Dexter
"Dearly Devoted Dexter" is a 2005 book written by Jeff Lindsay. It is a sequel to the 2004 book "Darkly Dreaming Dexter" which the television show "Dexter" is based on.

Algol
Algol, also known as the Demon Star, is a bright star in the Perseus constellation. It is one of the best known double stars that can only be seen in spectroscopes, the first star of its type discovered, and one of the first variable stars to be discovered before it explodes. Algol is made of three stars (Beta Persei A, B and C) and the brightest is Persei A. These stars partly eclipse each other every 2 days, 20 hours and 49 minutes for 10 hours.

Reduced_instruction_set_computer
A reduced instruction set computing (acronym RISC pronounced "risk"), represents a CPU design method to simplify instructions which "do less" but provide higher performance by making instructions execute very fast.
RISC was developed as an alternative to what is now known as CISC. However, there are CPU designs other than RISC and CISC. Some examples are VLIW, MISC, OISC, massive parallel processing, systolic array, reconfigurable computing, and dataflow architecture.
Well known RISC processors include Alpha, ARC, ARM, AVR, MIPS, PA-RISC, PIC, Power Architecture (including PowerPC), SuperH, and SPARC.

Single_event_upset
A single event upset (SEU) is a change of state caused by a low-energy ions or electro-magnetic or nuclear radiation or any other kind of interferences that can reach (called "strike") a sensitive node in a micro-electronic device, such as in a microprocessor, semiconductor memory, or power transistors. The error in the device output or operation caused as a result of the strike is called an SEU or a soft error. The SEU itself is not considered permanent damage to the transistor's, circuits' or devices'.

Italian_Football_Championship_1904
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1904.
Overview.
Genoa won the championship.
Final.
Genoa won the championship.

Derlei
Derlei is a football player. He plays for Sporting Portugal.

Divizia_A_1990-91
Statistics of Divizia A in season 1990/1991.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Universitatea Craiova won the championship.

Legal_precedent
In common law legal systems, a precedent or authority is a legal case establishing a principle or rule that a court or other judicial body adopts when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues or facts.
Description.
The precedent on an issue is the collective body of judicially announced principles that a court should consider when interpreting the law. When a precedent establishes an important legal principle, or represents new or changed law on a particular issue, that precedent is often known as a landmark decision.
Precedent is central to legal analysis and rulings in countries that follow common law like the United Kingdom and Canada (except Quebec). In some systems precedent is not binding but is taken into account by the courts.
Binding precedent.
Precedent that must be applied or followed is known as "binding precedent" (alternately "mandatory precedent", "mandatory" or "binding authority", etc.). Under the doctrine of "stare decisis", a lower court must honor findings of law made by a higher court that is within the appeals path of cases the court hears. In the United States state and federal courts, jurisdiction is often divided geographically among local trial courts, several of which fall under the territory of a regional appeals court, and all regional courts fall under a supreme court. By definition decisions of lower courts are not binding on each other or any courts higher in the system, nor are appeals court decisions binding on each other or on local courts that fall under a different appeals court. Further, courts must follow their own proclamations of law made earlier on other cases, and honor rulings made by other courts in disputes among the parties before them pertaining to the same pattern of facts or events, unless they have a strong reason to change these rulings.
In extraordinary circumstances a higher court may overturn or overrule mandatory precedent, but will often attempt to distinguish the precedent before overturning it, thereby limiting the scope of the precedent in any event.
Persuasive precedent.
Precedent that is not mandatory but which is useful or relevant is known as "persuasive precedent" (or "persuasive authority" or "advisory precedent"). Persuasive precedent includes cases decided by lower courts, by peer or higher courts from other geographic jurisdictions, cases made in other parallel systems (for example, military courts, administrative courts, indigenous/tribal courts, State courts versus Federal courts in the United States), and in some exceptional circumstances, cases of other nations, treaties, world judicial bodies, etc.
In a case of first impression, courts often rely on persuasive precedent from courts in other jurisdictions that have previously dealt with similar issues. Persuasive precedent may become binding through the adoption of the persuasive precedent by a higher court.
Custom.
Long-held custom, which has traditionally been recognized by courts and judges, is the first kind of precedent. Custom can be so deeply entrenched in the society at large that it gains the force of law. There need never have been a specific case decided on the same or similar issues in order for a court to take notice of customary or traditional precedent in its deliberations.
Case law.
The other type of precedent is case law. In common law systems this type of precedent is granted more or less weight in the deliberations of a court according to a number of factors. Most important is whether the precedent is "on point," that is, does it deal with a circumstance identical or very similar to the circumstance in the instant case? Second, when and where was the precedent decided? A recent decision in the same jurisdiction as the instant case will be given great weight. Next in descending order would be recent precedent in jurisdictions whose law is the same as local law. Least weight would be given to precedent that stems from dissimilar circumstances, older cases that have since been contradicted, or cases in jurisdictions that have dissimilar law.
Academic study.
Precedents viewed against passing time can serve to establish trends, thus indicating the next logical step in evolving interpretations of the law. For instance, if immigration has become more and more restricted under the law, then the next legal decision on that subject may serve to restrict it further still.
Scholars have recently attempted to apply network theory to precedents in order to establish which precedents are most important or authoritative, and how the court's interpretations and priorities have changed over time.
Super stare decisis.
Super-stare decisis is a term used for important precedent that is resistant or immune from being overturned, without regard to whether correctly decided in the first place. It may be viewed as one extreme in a range of precedential power, or alternately, to express a belief, or a critique of that belief, that some decisions should not be overturned.
In 1976, Richard Posner and William Landes coined the term "super-precedent," in an article they wrote about testing theories of precedent by counting citations. Posner and Landes used this term to describe the influential effect of a cited decision. The term "super-precedent" later became associated with different issue: the difficulty of overturning a decision. In 1992, Rutgers professor Earl Maltz criticized the Supreme Court's decision in "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" for endorsing the idea that if one side can take control of the Court on an issue of major national importance (as in "Roe v. Wade"), that side can protect its position from being reversed "by a kind of super-stare decisis."
The issue arose anew in the questioning of Chief Justice John G. Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito during their confirmation hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Before the hearings the chair of the committee, Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, wrote an ed in the "New York Times" referring to "Roe" as a "super-precedent." He mentioned the concept (and made seemingly humorous references to "super-duper precedent") during the hearings, but neither Roberts nor Alito endorsed the term or the concept.

Ford_Kuga
Ford Kuga is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2008 to the present day.

Peugeot_Partner
Peugeot Partner is a car and van produced by Peugeot since 1996. It is currently in its second generation.
Partner Combi and Partner Tepee.
The First generation of the lesuire version was known as the Partner Combi. The Second Generation one is known as the Partner Tepee.

Friendly_Floatees
Friendly Floatees are a kind of plastic bath toys like ducks and other birds. They are made so that they float very well. They became famous because a cargo ship lost many of them. Curtis Ebbsmeyer then used these to study currents in the ocean.

One_Canada_Square
One Canada Square is the tallest building in London, United Kingdom. It is tall.

Volvo_V70
Volvo V70 is a car produced by Volvo since 1996. It is currently in its third generation. An off-road version, the XC70, is also availible. It replaced the 850, which itself had replaced the 200 Series, 700 Series and the 900 Series.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1961-62
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1961/1962.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and Shelbourne won the championship.

Instruction_level_parallelism
1. e = a + b
2. f = c + d
3. g = e * f
Operation 3 depends on the results of "e" and "f" which are calculated from operations 1 and 2, so "g" cannot be calculated until both of of "e" and "f" are computed. However, operations 1 and 2 do not depend on any other operation, so they can be computed simultaneously. If we assume that each operation can be completed in one unit of time then these three instructions can be completed in a total of two units of time, giving an ILP factor of 3/2; which means 3/2 = 1.5 greater than without ILP.
One of the goals of compilers and processors designers is to use as much ILP as possible. Ordinary programs are written execute instructions in sequence; one after the other, in the order as written by programmers. ILP allows the compiler and the processor to overlap the execution of multiple instructions or even to change the order in which instructions are executed.
How much ILP exists in programs depends on the application type, for example, in graphics and scientific applications the amount can be very large while in cryptography the amount much less.
In recent years, ILP techniques have been used for performance improvements in conditions where the difference between processor operating frequencies and memory access times is large. As of 2008, a cache "miss" costs several hundreds of CPU cycles in a main memory access; with much longer latency compared when the processor finds that the memory location is in the cache. Hence, this technique was proved to be insufficient to save the CPU time from waiting for the off-chip data. Instead, the industry is moving towards improveing higher levels of parallelism using techniques such as multiprocessing and multithreading.

Diamond_Jubilee
A diamond jubilee is a celebration of a 60th anniversary for a person. When for a group, it is used for the 75th anniversary.

Eddie_Brock
Eddie Brock is a fictional character from the Spider-Man comic book universe. He made his first appearance in "Amazing Spider-Man" #299 (April 1988). He is best known for being the host of Venom.

S1m0ne
"S1m0ne" is a 2002 movie directed by Andrew Niccol. It stars Al Pacino.
Plot.
Viktor Taransky (Al Pacino) is working on a film project. He is running out of money and his star decided not to do it anymore, so his movie is in trouble. A computer programmer named Hank approaches Viktor and tells him that he is able to create a computer-generated character. Hank soon dies of cancer and gives the program to Viktor. Viktor uses the program to insert an actress in place of his original star and the movie is a huge hit. The program, titled "Simulation One," is simplified to "Simone."
Viktor is at first very happy that this is a success, and has her star in more movies. For her voice, he simply speaks into a microphone and the computer makes it a female voice. He conducts interviews. Simone goes on to win an Academy Award and is wildly famous. However, Viktor soon becomes unhappy with Simone and tries to make her unpopular by having her star in a bad movie. However, the people still love Simone and the movie is still a success. Finally, Viktor uses a virus and erases her program from the computer. He then throws a trunk full of CDs into the ocean.
The police come and arrest Viktor and charge her for the murder of Simone. They have a video showing him dragging the trunk into the ocean; they believe that there was a body inside. He tells them that Simone was never real, but they don't believe him. His ex-wife Elaine (Catherine Keener) and his daughter Lainey (Evan Rachel Wood) enter his studio. Lainey ejects the floppy disk, restoring the Simone program, and they create a short movie that shows that Simone is alive and well. The police let him go. Elaine and Lainey convince Viktor that Simone is a symbol now and that they should continue to keep her alive. The last scene shows Viktor and Simone together, with Viktor announcing that Simone and him just had a child.

Public_Ivy
Public Ivy is a term started by Richard Moll in his 1985 book "Public Ivys: A Guide to America's best public undergraduate colleges and universities". The book is about universities which "provide an Ivy League collegiate experience at a public school price." Public Ivies are chosen, according to the "Journal of Blacks in Higher Education", to be able to be "successfully competing with the Ivy League schools in academic rigor... attracting superstar faculty and in competing for the best and brightest students of all races."

Sami_Hyypiä
Sami Hyypiä (born 7 October 1973 in Porvoo) is a player from Finland playing for Liverpool F.C. and the Finland National Football Team. He was born in Porvoo, Finland. He is a defender in both of his teams and is captain of Finland and used to be the captain of Liverpool.

SA80
SA80 or "Small Arms of the 80's" is the name of a weapons family used by the British Army and Royal Marines, all are of bullpup design; meaning the magazine is placed behind the trigger allowing the weapon to be shorter yet still have a long barrel.
The series includes an assault rifle know as the L85 and a Light Support Weapon (LSW) designated the L86 as well as a Carbine variant for helicopter crews and a bolt action army cadet variant. although amazingly accurate for their size the SA80 family has been plagued by poor reliability problems that have been addressed with an upgrade by the German arms company H&K when it was British owned; resulting in the A2 series, however not all models have been upgraded and A1 generations can be recognized by their simple circular cocking handle. A new upgrade program is under way for a very small number of SA80s since late 2007.

Pre-1600_Atlantic_hurricane_seasons
The pre-1600 Atlantic hurricane seasons talks about all known Atlantic tropical cyclones before to 1600. While info for every storm that happened is not available, some parts of the coastline had enough people to give info of hurricane happenings. Each season was an ongoing event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation in the Atlantic basin. Most tropical cyclone formation occurs between June 1 and November 30.
Atlantic hurricane seasons
Pre-1600 10s 30s
Observation info for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was was non-existent in the pre-Columbian era, and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost. Even info from the early years of the Columbian era is suspect and incomplete because the diffrence between a hurricane and an extratropical system was not drawn by Renaissance scientists and sailors and because European exploration and colonization of the regions affected by hurricanes did not begin in earnest until the mid-16th century.
However, paleotempestological research allows reconstruction of pre-historic hurricane activity trends on timescales of centuries to millennia. A theory has been postulated that an anti-phase pattern exists between the Gulf of Mexico coast and the Atlantic coast. During the quiescent periods, a more northeasterly position of the Azores High would result in more hurricanes being steered towards the Atlantic coast. During the hyperactive period, more hurricanes were steered towards the Gulf coast as the Azores High—controlled by the North Atlantic Oscillation—was shifted to a more southwesterly position near the Caribbean. In fact, few major hurricanes struck the Gulf coast during 3000–1400 BC and again during the most recent millennium; these quiescent intervals were separated by a hyperactive period during 1400 BC and 1000 AD, when the Gulf coast was struck frequently by catastrophic hurricanes and their landfall probabilities increased by 3–5 times. On the Atlantic coast, chance of landfalling hurricanes has doubled in the recent millennium compared to the one and a half millennia before.

Key_exchange
Key exchange is any method in cryptography by which cryptographic keys are exchanged between users, allowing use of a cryptographic system.
If two parties wish to exchange encrypted messages, each needs to know how to decrypt received messages and to encrypt sent messages. The information they require to do so depends on the encryption technique they might use. If they use a code, both will require a copy of the same codebook. If they use a cipher, they will need appropriate keys. If the cipher is a symmetric key cipher, both will need a copy of the same key. If an asymmetric key cipher with the public/private key property, both will need the other's public key.
The key exchange problem is how to exchange whatever keys or other information needed so, in such a way, that no one else can obtain a copy. Usually, this required trusted secure channel. With the arrival of (public key / private key) cipher algorithms, the encrypting key (aka, the public key) could be made public, since (at least for "high quality" ciphers) no one without the decrypting key (aka, the private key) could decrypt the message.
In principle, then, the only remaining problem was to be sure that a public key actually belonged to its claimed owner, this is not a problem easy to solve; specially when the two users involved have never met and know nothing about each other.
In 1976, Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman published a cryptographic protocol, (Diffie-Hellman key exchange), which allows users to establish secure channels in order to exchange keys, even if an attacker is monitoring that communication channel. However, Diffie-Hellman key exchange did not address the "identity authentication" problem of being sure of the actual identity of the person or an entity.
Public key infrastructures have been proposed go around the problem of "identity authentication". In their most usual implementation, each user applies to a "certificate authority" for a digital certificate which serves for other users as a correct (termed: non-tamperable) authentication of identity.
In contrast, the web of trust system, which do not use central "certificate authority" at all. Each user is responsible for verifying any certificate from another user before using that certificate to communicate with the user who claims to be associated with the particular public key in a certificate, (see digital signatures).
The problem of key exchange has not yet been solved. In particular, it has not yet been solved for the modern situation of two previously unknown users attempting to communicate electronically, as, for instance, in electronic commerce. Some of the existing work-around designs work, more or less, but are not fully satisfactory.

Le_Barroux
Le Barroux is a commune of 615 people (2006). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Blauvac
Blauvac is a commune of 337 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Caderousse
Caderousse is a commune of 2,496 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Châteauneuf-de-Gadagne
Châteauneuf-de-Gadagne is a commune of 2,838 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Flassan
Flassan is a commune of 341 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Jonquerettes
Jonquerettes is a commune of 1,236 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lauris
Lauris is a commune of 3,102 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Méthamis
Méthamis is a commune of 397 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Java_Virtual_Machine
A Java Virtual Machine (JVM) is a set of computer software programs and data structures which use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts. The model used by a JVM accepts a form of computer intermediate language commonly referred to as Java bytecode.
Java Virtual Machines operate on Java bytecode, which is normally (but not necessarily) generated from Java source code; a JVM can also be used to implement programming languages other than Java.
The JVM is an important component of the Java Platform. Because JVMs are available for many hardware and software platforms, Java can be both middleware and a platform in its own right — hence the expression "write once, run anywhere." The use of the same bytecode for all platforms allows Java to be described as "compile once, run anywhere", as opposed to "write once, compile anywhere", which describes cross-platform compiled languages.

Mutual_authentication
Mutual authentication or two-way authentication (sometimes written as 2WAY authentication) refers to two parties authenticating each other correctly. In technology terms, it refers to a client or user authenticating themselves to a server and that server authenticating itself to the user in such a way that both parties are assured of the others' identity.
Typically, this is done for a client process and a server process without user interaction.
Mutual SSL provides the same things as SSL, with the addition of authentication and non-repudiation of the client authentication, using digital signatures. However, due to issues with complexity, cost, logistics, and effectiveness, most web applications are designed so they do not require client-side certificates. This creates an opening for a man-in-the-middle attack, in particular for online banking.

Dordogne
Dordogne is a department located in the center-west of France. Its prefecture is Périgueux. Dordogne has a population of about 398,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution.

1780-1789_Atlantic_hurricane_seasons
Atlantic hurricane seasons
1760s 1770s 1780s 1790s 1800s
The decade of 1780s featured the 1780–1789 Atlantic hurricane seasons. While info for every storm that happened is not available, some parts of the coastline were had enough people to give info of hurricane happenings. Each season was an ongoing event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation in the Atlantic basin. Most tropical cyclone formation is between June 1 and November 30.
1780 Atlantic hurricane season.
The 1780 Atlantic hurricane season was extraordinarily destructive, and was the deadliest Atlantic hurricane season in recorded history with over 25,000 deaths. Three different hurricanes, all in October, caused at least 1,000 deaths each; this event has never been repeated and only in the 1893 and 2005 seasons were there two such hurricanes. The season also held the deadliest Atlantic hurricane of all time.
1789 Atlantic hurricane season.
No storms were seen this season.

Vicente_López_y_Portaña
Vicente López y Portaña (September 19, 1772, Valencia, Spain – July 22, 1850, Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish painter. He was one of the most well known portrait painters of his time. He became the court painter to Queen Isabella II. His most famous painting is a portait of the artist Goya.

Gard
Gard is a department located in the south of France in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its prefecture is Nîmes and its population is about 665,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution.

Loire
Loire is a department located in the center of France in the Rhône-Alpes region. Its prefecture is Saint-Etienne and its population is about 732,000 (2006 estimation).

Meurthe-et-Moselle
Meurthe-et-Moselle is a department located in the east of France in the Lorraine region. Its prefecture is Nancy and its population is about 723,000 (2006 estimation).

Pyrénées-Orientales
Pyrénées-Orientales is a department located in the south of France in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its prefecture is Perpignan and its population is about 421,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution.

Yvelines
Yvelines is a department located in the center of France in the Île-de-France region. Its prefecture is Versailles and its population is about 1,395,000 (2006 estimation).

Yonne
Yonne is a department located in the center of France in the Bourgogne region. Its prefecture is Auxerre and its population is about 341,000 (2006 estimation). It is one of the 83 original French departments created during the French revolution.

George_W._Campbell
George Washington Campbell (February 9, 1769–February 17, 1848) was an American statesman. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives as the Representative from Tennessee's at-large congressional district in 1803. He served in the House from 1805-1809, in the 8th, 9th, and 10th Congresses. During the 10th Congress, he was the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. He was also one of the managers appointed in 1804 to conduct the impeachment hearings for John Pickering, judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire, and later in the same year, the impeachment hearings against Samuel Chase, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Life.
Born in Scotland, he immigrated to North Carolina in 1772 with his parents. He graduated from the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) in 1794 and began studying law. He was admitted to the bar in North Carolina and began practicing in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Political life.
He left Congress in 1809 to become judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving until 1811.
He served as a United States Senator from Tennessee twice, once from 1811 to 1814, having been elected to fill the seat of Jenkin Whiteside, and again from 1815 to 1818. His first service was from October 8, 1811 to February 11, 1814, when he resigned to accept appointment as the United States Secretary of the Treasury. He returned to the Senate on October 10, 1815. He served as the first chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and its predecessor from December 4, 1815, until his resignation from the Senate on April 20, 1818; on this occasion to accept appointment as United States Ambassador to Russia, a position he held from 1818-1821. Campbell served as a member of the French Spoliation Claims Commission in 1831.
Appointed Secretary of the Treasury by James Madison, he faced national financial disorder brought on by the War of 1812. Congress had failed to recharter the First Bank of the United States after its charter expired in 1811, and appropriations for the war were unavailable, so Campbell had to convince Americans to buy government bonds. He was forced to meet to lenders terms, selling government bonds at exorbitant interest rates. In September, 1814 the British occupied Washington, D.C. and the credit of the government was lowered even further. Campbell was unsuccessful in his efforts to raise money through additional bond sales and he resigned that October after only eight months in office, disillusioned and in bad health.
He died in 1848 and is buried at Nashville City Cemetery in Nashville, Tennessee.
Campbell County, Tennessee, is named in his honor.

Physical_abuse
Physical abuse is a form of abuse which causes feelings of pain, injury, or other physical suffering. Physical abuse may lead to low self-esteem and other mental problems.

Justin_Raimondo
Justin Raimondo (born Dennis Raimondo on November 18, 1951) is an American writer and the editorial director of the website Antiwar.com.

Timeline_of_the_2008_Atlantic_hurricane_season
Below is a timeline of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, documenting all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation. The 2008 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, and will last until November 30, although the first storm of the season, Tropical Storm Arthur, developed before the official start, on May 30. For convenience and clarity, in the timeline below, all landfalls are bolded. The timeline will also include information that was not operationally released, including post-storm reviews from the National Hurricane Center, when it becomes available.
The graphical bar above gives a brief overview of storm activity during the season, and for convenience, the storm's maximum intensity is included as a color bar.

Can't_Stop_This_Thing_We_Started
"Can't Stop This Thing We Started" is a song by Bryan Adams. The song was the second single from Adams' 1991 album "Waking Up the Neighbours", a successor of the single "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You".
The song.
The song is a rock song unlike "(Everything I Do) I Do It for You". It reached #2 on the Billboard Hot 100, behind Prince's "Cream". This track received two nominations at the Grammy Awards of 1992 for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance, Solo. It did not win either award.

Beige
Beige is a very pale yellowish-cream color.
The term originates from "beige cloth", a woolen fabric left in its natural color. It then came to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance.
In the 1950s, the meaning of the term "beige" expanded to the point where it is now also used for a wide range of pale brown shades.
Meaning of beige.
Since many computers are colored various shades of beige (an ordinary non-remarkable computer is sometimes called a "beige box"), and since most people who are employed nowadays use computers, the color beige has come to represent the workaday world of work.

Ford_Anglia
Ford Anglia was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1939 through 1967.

Golden_Poison_Frog
"Phyllobates terribilis", the Golden Poison Frog or the Golden Dart Frog, is a poison dart frog endemic to the Pacific coast of Colombia. In captivity, poison dart frogs are not poisonous. It is in the wild where they are in fact poisonous because of what they eat. This amphibian of the dendrobatidae family is currently considered the most poisonous vertebrate worldwide. The optimal habitat of "P. terribilis" is the rainforest with high rain rates (5 m. or more), altitude between 100-200 m, temperature of 26°C, and relative humidity of 80-90%.

Pierre_Corneille
Pierre Corneille (June 6, 1606 – October 1, 1684) was a French playwright. He is one of the most famous 17th century French dramatists. Some others are Molière and Racine. He has been called “the founder of French tragedy” and produced plays for nearly forty years.

Naltrexone
Naltrexone is an opioid receptor antagonist. It is often used to help alcohol dependence and opioid dependence. It is different from the drug naloxone. Naloxone is used in emergency cases of overdose. Naltrexone than for longer-term dependence control. Naltrexone can help with overdose, but naloxone is more helpful in those cases.

Circa
Circa is the Latin word for "around" or "about". It is often used in genealogy to show when something approximately happened. 1955". It is often shortened to c., ca., ca or cca.
An encyclopedia entry may begin with circa in the date of birth, for example: "Genghis Khan (c. 1162 – August 18, 1227)". The "c." means that he was born in about 1162, but there is no exact date. Sometimes the circa symbol is italicised to show that it is Latin.

Stendhal
Henri-Marie Beyle (January 23, 1783 – March 23, 1842) is better known by his pen name Stendhal. He was a 19th century French writer. He is known for his precise analysis of his characters' psychology. His two most famous novels are "Le Rouge et le Noir" ("The Red and the Black", 1830) and "La Chartreuse de Parme" ("The Charterhouse of Parma", 1839).

Eugène_Delacroix
Ferdinand Victor Eugène Delacroix (26 April 1798 – 13 August 1863) was a French Romantic artist regarded from the outset of his career as the leader of the French Romantic school. Delacroix's use of expressive brushstrokes and his study of the optical effects of colour profoundly shaped the work of the Impressionists, while his passion for the exotic inspired the artists of the Symbolist movement. A fine lithographer, Delacroix illustrated various works of William Shakespeare, the Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott, and the German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
In contrast to the Neoclassical perfectionism of his chief rival Ingres, Delacroix took for his inspiration the art of Rubens and painters of the Venetian Renaissance, with an attendant emphasis on color and movement rather than clarity of outline and carefully modeled form. Dramatic and romantic content characterized the central themes of his maturity, and led him not to the classical models of Greek and Roman art, but to travel in North Africa, in search of the exotic. Friend and spiritual heir to Théodore Géricault, Delacroix was also inspired by Byron, with whom he shared a strong identification with the "forces of the sublime", of nature in often violent action.
However, Delacroix was given neither to sentimentality nor bombast, and his Romanticism was that of an individualist. In the words of Baudelaire, "Delacroix was passionately in love with passion, but coldly determined to express passion as clearly as possible."

Power_consumption
In electrical engineering, power consumption often refers to the electrical energy over time supplied to operate an electrical appliance.
The energy used by equipment is always more than the energy really needed. This is because no equipment is 100% efficient. Power is wasted as heat, vibrations and/or electromagnetic radiation.
Power consumption is usually measured in units of kilowatt hours (kWh).
More accurately, power is the rate of consumption of energy, measured in watts or horsepower.

One_instruction_set_computer
A One Instruction Set Computer (OISC) is an abstract computer that uses only one instruction (with no need for a machine language opcode). Such computers are the extreme case or the logical conclusion of Reduced instruction set computers, although the concept has been used only in academic circles, as a teaching aid like the URISC.
The Ultimate RISC (URISC) is the name given by researchers at the University of Waterloo in the city of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, to their implementation of a single-instruction computer. URISC allows complete description of a fully functional computer, in only a few pages.

Flag_of_Turkey
The flag of Turkey () consists of a white crescent moon and a star on a red background. The flag is called "Ay Yıldız" (literally, moon star) or "Alsancak" (red banner) in Turkish.
The flag has a complex origin since it is an ancient design, and uses the same symbols of the late flag of the Ottoman Empire which was adopted in 1844 with the Tanzimat reforms; though the shape, placement and shade of the color varies. The geometric proportions of the flag were legally standardized with the Turkish Flag Law in 1936. The shade of red used in the flag is approximated by Pantone 186, or RGB (227, 10, 23).

Botanical_Garden_of_Curitiba
The Jardim Botânico de Curitiba, in Portuguese, or the Botanical Garden of Curitiba, in English, is also known as the "Jardim Botânico Fanchette Rischbieter". This is a park located in the city of Curitiba, the capital of the state of Paraná, and the biggest city in southern Brazil. It is the major tourist attraction of the city, and it houses part of the campus of the Federal University of Paraná. In 2007, was the most voted place in an online election to choose the "Seven Wonders of Brazil". The international identification code is CURIT.
Description.
Inaugurated on October 5, 1991, the most know Curitiba's picture postcard landmark contains many copies plants of Brazil and from other countries, spread across boulevards and greenhouses of iron and glass - the main one of them inspired in the Crystal Palace (a building that existed in London in 1851). The project is of the architect Abraão Assad, who also planned the Botanical Museum.
This botanical garden was created in the style of French gardens. Once the portal of entry, may be seen extensive gardens in the French style in the middle of fountains, waterfalls and lakes, and the main greenhouse of 458 square meters, which holds in its interior, copies plants characteristic of tropical regions. It rolls out its carpet of flowers to the visitors right at the entrance. This occupies 240.000 m² in area. The principal greenhouse, in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure, looks like the mid-19th century Crystal Palace in London, England. The Botanic Museum, which provides a national reference collection of native flora, attracts researchers from all over the world. It includes many botanic species from the moist Atlantic Forests of eastern Brazil.
The native forest have many paths for walk. Behind the greenhouse is the Museum of, the Polish Brazilian artist who took up the cause of environmental conservation; with 1,320 square meters of area, divided into multimedia classrooms, an auditorium with 60 seats and lounge with several exhibitions of works donated by visual artist, represented by sculptures and reliefs, as well as photographs, videos, publications and educational materials.
In the other side is the Botanical Museum, a wooden building which entrance using a bridge made of wood also. Actually, the Botanical Museum of Curitiba has the fourth largest herbarium in the country. In front of the construction there is a pond with carp, turtles, teal, herons, etc, and offers a lake, an auditorium, a library, an expositions area and a theatre. The park also has tennis courts and a cycle track.
The Botanical Museum of Curitiba.
The "Museu Botânico de Curitiba" (Botanical Museum of Curitiba) is located inside the Botanical Garden of the city; has ample space for exhibitions, library and auditorium. Was founded in 1965, when the botanical Gerdt Günther Hatschbach donated his private collection to the municipality of Curitiba. Today, the collection is the fourth largest in Brazil, with more than 333,000 specimens.
The Museum has developed an exchange program for botanical material, and exchanges material with 207 institutions world wide (53 in Brazil, 154 in other parts of planet). Due to this program, around 90% of the collection has been identified by specialists; it makes the Botanical Museum of Curitiba an international reference for botanical material - receives annually an average of 400 research scientist visitors, and includes specialists and graduate students.
Each year, the collection increases by approximately 15,000 specimens.
Address.
On Eng. Ostoja Roguski Street, s/n°, Jardim Botânico Neighborhood, Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil. Free open daily to visitors from 6 am till 9 pm during summertime and from 6 am till 8 pm during the rest of the year. Phone: +55 (41) 3362-5289.

Chittagong_Hill_Tracts
The Chittagong Hill Tracts (Bengali: পার্বত্য চট্টগ্রাম Parbotto Chôṭṭogram) comprise an area of 13,180 km2 in south-eastern Bangladesh, and borders India and Myanmar (Burma). It was a single district of Bangladesh till 1984. In that year it was divided into three separate districts: Khagrachari, Rangamati and Bandarban. Topographically, this is the only hill intensive area of Bangladesh.

Bet_(letter)
Bet, Beth, or Vet is the second letter of the Hebrew alphabet.

Henry_David_Thoreau
Henry David Thoreau (born David Henry Thoreau; July 12, 1817 May 6, 1862) was an American author, naturalist and philosopher. He is best known for his book "Walden", a reflection upon simple living in natural surroundings, and his essay, "Civil Disobedience", an argument for individual resistance to civil government in moral opposition to an unjust state.

Chamonix
Chamonix is a French communes next to the Mont Blanc. It is located in the Haute-Savoie department. The population of the commune is about 10,000 people (1999 census). It hosted the Winter Olympic Games in 1924.

Subscript
Subscript is the text which a small letter/number is written after a particular letter/number. It hangs below its letter or number. It is used when writing chemical compounds. An example of subscript is N2.
Typing subscripts.
In word-processing computer programs like Microsoft Word, the shortcut key for subscripts is Ctrl+=.

Project_Athena
Project Athena was a joint project of MIT, Digital Equipment Corporation, and IBM. It was launched in 1983, and research and development continued until June 30, 1991, eight years after it began. It is widely believed that the goals were to create a computing environment that would utilize up to 1,000 workstations but in fact, the goal was to improve the quality of education delivered by the Institute.
The concept that a user could go to any workstation and access any files or applications without finding major differences in the user interface and service, just like browsing the Internet today.
The project created many technologies that are widely used today, such as the X Window System and Kerberos.

Subculture
A subculture is a group of people with a culture (whether distinct or hidden) which makes them different from the larger culture that they belong to, known as the "dominate" culture. If a subculture is described as opposing the dominant culture, it may be described as a counterculture. As Ken Gelder notes, subcultures are social, with their own shared rules, values and rituals, but they can also seem self-involved—another thing that makes them different from countercultures.
Identifying subcultures.
Subcultures can be shown to be different because of the age, race, ethnicity, social class, location, or gender of the members. The qualities that determine a subculture as different from each other may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical, or a combination of factors. Members of a subculture often signal each other through the use of fashion style, certain behaviors, and use of a secret language created to prevent others not in their group from understanding them (this is known as Argot). They also live out particular relations to places: Ken Gelder talks about 'subcultural geographies' along these lines.
The study of subcultures often involves the study of symbolism attached to clothing, music and other visible things by members of subcultures, and also the ways that these same symbols are seen and understood by members of the dominate culture. Subcultures have been documented by others for a long time. In some cases—such as homeless people, criminal gangs or skateboarders—subcultures have had laws created to control or end their activities. But subcultures also talk about themselves, very often.

Artificial_languages
An artificial language is a language made by people. It is usually a natural language cannot be used. These languages can be based on an existing vocabulary or can make a new vocabulary.
If an artificial language does not serve the goal of general-purpose communication (as natural languages do), then it is necessarily a second language.
The above categorization is not exclusive; for example, it is reasonable to design a computer language for a novel, or that a linguistic experiment leads to design a programming language.

Mortgage
A mortgage is a way to use one's real property, like land, a house, or a building, as a guarantee for a loan to get money. Many people do this to buy the home they use for mortgage: the loan provides them the money to buy the house and the loan is guaranteed by the house.
In a mortgage, there is a debtor and a creditor. The debtor is the owner of the property, while the creditor is the owner of the loan. When the mortgage transaction is made, the debtor gets the money with the loan, and promises to pay the loan. The creditor will receive money back with interest over time (usually in payments made each month by the debtor). If the debtor does not pay the loan, the creditor may take the mortgaged property in place of the loan. This is called foreclosure.
In the 2008 American economic failure, creditors lent money to debtors who could not pay back that money. This lowered housing prices and hurt the economy.

Digambar
Digambar is one of the two main sects of Jainism, the other is Svetambar. The name means "sky-clad", and refers to the fact that its followers are usually naked. The digambar have a stricter interpretation of Jainism than the Svetambar.

This_Is_Who_We_Are
This Is Who We Are is a single released by Hawthorne Heights from their album If Only You Were Lonely in 2006. It is the opening track on the album.
The first performance of this song can be seen on the DVD coming with the album.

List_of_Greek_islands
This is a list of islands that are part of Greece. They are shown in order of size.

The_Bird_and_the_Bee_Sides
The bird and the bee sides is a 2008 album released by Relient K on July 2nd.
The album contains 13 new songs, and many of their B sides and unreleased songs. A few other songs could be found from scavenger hunt that the band encouraged fans to do. You had to solve the Puzzle
It's the first album to feature their current drummer, Ethan Luck.

Anthology_(Bryan_Adams_album)
"Anthology" is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005. The two disc set includes songs from 1980–2005. A third disc which was a DVD live concert which was recorded in mid 2005 called "Live in Lisbon" was included in North America for a limited time. All the songs are in chronological order of their release, except the last song on the first disc on the North American edition, which was released in 1999. The album's enclosed booklet has notes about the process of the recordings and the credits for each track.
Release and reception.
"Anthology" co-produced by Adams, Robert Lange and Bob Clearmountain, peaked at number 65 on the Billboard 200. The album was released on October 18, 2005 and features songs like "Heat of the Night", and "Summer of '69". Anthology peaked at 4 on the Canadian Album Chart 29 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified two times platinum in Canada and gold in the UK.
Version differences.
On the first disc, the North American edition has "The Best of Me" as the last track, while the International edition moved the song to the 2nd disc, and had "All I Want Is You" instead.
On the second disc, The North American edition has two songs from his Album "Room Service" and a new recorded version of "When You're Gone" with Pamela Anderson, while the International edition has the Chicane song "Don't Give Up" in place of Chicane's remix of Cloud Number Nine, and a new song "I'm Not the Man You Think I Am" (from the movie "Colour Me Kubrick"), and the original version of "When You're Gone" with Mel C. instead.

Insaniyat_(1967_movie)
Insaniyat (Urdu: ﺖﻴﻧﺎﺴﻧﺍ) (English: humanity) is a Pakistani Urdu black and white film produced by A. Hameed. This film is one of the masterpieces of the director Shabab Kiranvi. The film starred Waheed Murad, Zeba, Tariq Aziz, Firdous and Nanna. This film is one of the hit films of Waheed Murad.

Mondragon,_Vaucluse
Mondragon is a commune of 3,363 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Children_in_Need
BBC Children in Need is a British charity appeal. It is run by the BBC. It takes place every year in November. The appeal has raised over £500,000,000 since it started in 1980.
Overview.
Children in Need has been given one evening on BBC One every year since 1980. Events aimed at raising money for charities working with children in the UK were shown. In 2007 over £39 million was raised. £19 million was raised on the programme. In 2008, nearly £22 million was raised on the night. The final total is still to be announced. The BBC also broadcast local fundrasing events on the radio stations and regional television channels. The programme's mascot is called 'Pudsey', or 'Pudsey Bear'. It is a yellow teddy bear with a bandage over one eye. It was first seen in 1985. Pudsey and the Children in Need Logo were changed in 2007. Children in Need became a registered charity in 1989.
Most of the money raised by the appeal comes from people who may have raised it themselves by taking part in sponsored events. A popular event is to sit in a bath of baked beans. Lots of companies also donatio money or benefits. In the past, HSBC have helped with banking and BT have helped with the donation call centres and phone lines. On the night of the seven-hour long television programme lots of celebrities appear to support the cause and ask for donations. Various performances are often given, including sketches and musical numbers. There are also featurettes that show what the money is used for. Celebrities that appear are from both the BBC's own programmes, and also from the rival ITV network. They often appear in character and on the sets of their own programmes. One of the most popular features has been a musical number by the BBC newsreaders. In 2006 they had a "James Bond" theme, and in 2008 it was a "Mamma Mia!" one. The stars of newly-opened West End musicals also perform songs from their shows later in the evening, after the 'curtain call' of the actual show performance for that evening. The total is also show on a screen about every hour. The presenters always accompany this with the phrase "every penny counts" to help to push the total beyond that of the previous year.
Most of the British public support Children in Need, but some have a different view. They say that showing children on television as victims, many of which are disabled, is unfortunate and counter-productive. Changes in society will be better for such children than money and sympathy.
Money that is given to Children in Need is used in lots of ways. When the appeal for the year closes, the money is given to organisations that help children that are at the age of 18 and under. The children that are helped often have mental, physical or sensory disabilities, or have behavioural or psycological disorders. Others live in poverty or deprivation, and some are living in distress, are sexually abused or just neglected.

Diya_Aur_Toofan
Diya Aur Toofan "(Urdu:" دیا اور طوفان) is a Pakistani Urdu romantic comedy film starring a crazy doctor and the man who falls in love with his daughter. Pakistani reviewer Krid Urshla said in regards to the film, "Mish ahn nekki longua rembran rembronz inhat rembrin", which translates to "simply smashing... A titanic effort... may be the best movie of all time."

Deewane_Tere_Pyar_Ke
Deewane Tere Pyaar Key (Urdu: دیوانے تیرے پیار کے, English title: Love Crazy) is an Urdu film which was released in March 1997. It was directed by Syed Noor and produced by Evernew Studios.

The_Piper_at_the_Gates_of_Dawn
"The Piper at the Gates of Dawn" is Pink Floyd's debut album and the only one made under Syd Barrett's leadership, although he made some contributions to the follow-up, "A Saucerful of Secrets". It has been regarded as one of the most influential albums ever made, being a tremendous influence on the psychedelic rock scene of the time and much of what followed. The album has whimsical lyrics about space, scarecrows, gnomes, bicycles and fairytales, along with psychedelic instrumental passages. Special limited editions were issued to mark its 30th and 40th anniversaries in 1997 and 2007.
Track listing.
All songs written by Syd Barrett, except where noted.
40th Anniversary Edition (2007).
A two-disc 40th anniversary edition was released on 4 September 2007, and a three-disc set was released on 11 September 2007. The packaging, designed by Storm Thorgerson, resembles a cloth-covered book, along with a twelve page reproduction of a Syd Barrett notebook. Discs one and two contain the full 'Piper' album, in mono (disc one) and stereo (disc two) mixes. Both have been newly remastered by James Guthrie, and the mono mix is a substantial improvement over the poor-sounding 30th Anniversary CD.
The third disc includes several Piper-era outtakes from the Abbey Road vaults, along with the band's first three mono singles. Unreleased material includes an alternate shorter take of "Interstellar Overdrive" that was previously thought lost, the pre-overdubbed abridged mix of "Interstellar Overdrive" previously only available on an EP in France, an alternative mix of "Matilda Mother" as it appeared early in the sessions, and also the 1967 stereo mix of "Apples and Oranges", which features extra untrimmed material at the beginning and end.

UK_Singles_chart
The UK Singles Chart is compiled by The Official UK Charts Company (OCC) on behalf of the British record industry. The chart week runs from Sunday to Saturday, with the chart being printed in Music Week magazine (Top 75 only), ChartsPlus (Top 200), and published online on various sites (generally Top 40 only). Around 6,500 UK retail outlets contribute sales data, as well as most UK online digital download stores. Unlike in the U.S., no airplay statistics are used for the official UK Singles Chart. Most UK singles are released in record shops on a Monday.

The_Final_Cut_(album)
"The Final Cut" is a rock album by Pink Floyd recorded at various studios in the UK from July to December 1982. It is the final Pink Floyd studio album to feature the band's bassist and primary songwriter Roger Waters. The album is predominantly the work of Waters, this being the only Pink Floyd album on which the composers' credit on every track is given to Waters alone. Keyboardist Rick Wright played no part in the recording of "The Final Cut" having been sacked by Waters during recording of "The Wall", meaning that this is the only Pink Floyd album on which Wright does not feature at all. David Gilmour meanwhile sings lead vocals on only one of the album's twelve songs, the rest being sung entirely by Waters. The recording of "The Final Cut" was marred by tension between Waters and his bandmates, particularly Gilmour, who has since expressed his dislike for much of the album. For these and other reasons, it is sometimes regarded as a Roger Waters solo album rather than a true Pink Floyd album. None of the album's songs has ever been performed live by Pink Floyd, though some have been performed live by Waters during solo tours. Waters' dominance on the album is most clearly seen on the back cover, which reads: "The Final Cut: A Requiem for the Post-War Dream - by Roger Waters, performed by Pink Floyd".
Track listing.
All songs composed by Roger Waters. All lead vocals performed by Roger Waters unless otherwise stated.

Nepal-Pakistan_relations
The bilateral relations between the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan were fully established between 1962 and 1963. Both nations have since sought to expand trade, strategic and military cooperation.

Wallaby
Wallabies are marsupials from the islands of Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand and New Guinea. They are small- to medium-sized kangaroos. There are 30 different types of wallabies that live in many types of habitats, including rocky areas, grasslands, forests and swamps.
Description.
Wallabies range in size from the size of a rabbit to almost 6 ft (1.8 m) long. The soft, woolly fur can be gray, brown, red or almost black. The belly is lighter. Females (called fliers) have a pouch in which the young live and drink milk. Males (called boomers) are larger than females. Babies are called joeys. They have short arms with clawed fingers. strong, legs, and long, four-toed feet with claws. They can hop and jump with their powerful legs.
Diet.
These herbivores (plant-eaters) eat grass, leaves, and roots. They swallow their food without chewing it and later regurgitate a cud and chew it. They need very little water; they can go for months without drinking, and they dig their own water wells.

Guns_and_Roses_--_Ik_Junoon
Guns and Roses - Ik Junoon (Urdu script: گنز اینڈ روزز -- اک جنون) is a Pakistani film which was released in 1999, and it starred Shaan, Resham, Meera and Faisal Rehman. Faisal Rehman made a comeback with this film, after taking a sabbatical from the film industry which spanned over a decade. The music was composed by M Arshad.
The movie is mainly known for its soundtrack which included hits like Jeena Hai Jeena Tau Hai, Khat, and Qeher. Tanvir Fatima Rehman produced the film.

Salwar_kameez
Salwar kameez (also spelled shalwar kameez or shalwar qameez) is a traditional dress worn by both women and men in Southern Asia. Salvars or shalvars are loose pajama-like trousers. The legs are wide at the top, and narrow at the bottom. The kameez is a long shirt or tunic. The side seams (known as the chaak) are left open below the waist-line, which gives the wearer greater freedom of movement. It is the most common dress for men in Pakistan and Afghanistan.

Galaga
"Galaga" is a sci-fi arcade game released by Namco in 1981.

Morse_code
Morse code is a type of character encoding that transmits telegraphic information using rhythm. Morse code uses dots and lines to represent the alphabet letters, numbers, punctuation and special characters of a given message.

Rose-ringed_Parakeet
The Rose-ringed Parakeet (Psittacula krameri), also known as the Ringnecked Parakeet, is a tropical parakeet species.

Pedaliaceae
Pedaliaceae (pedalium family or sesame family) is a flowering plant in the Scrophulariales family.
Sesame, "Sesamum indicum", is the source of sesame seeds.

Batman_(TV_series)
"Batman" is a 1960s American television series, based on the DC comic book character Batman. It aired on the ABC) network for two and a half seasons from 1966 to 1968. Even though it had was on shortly, the series had two new episodes each week, giving the show a total of 120 episodes (the equivalent of roughly five regular seasons).

Thai_temple
Wat Phrasri Rattana Sasadaram or Wat Phrakaew is the only temple in Bangkok that does not have monks. This temple is known for Phrakeaw maurakot Buddha image. Phrakeaw maurakot is the image that Thai people respect the most. The image made of beautiful emerald.
The temple was built in 2325 B.E. in King Rama I period. The construction of this temple follow by Wat Phrasrisanphet in Ayudhaya period because Wat Phrasri Rattana Sasadaram is important so there will be renew in every 50 years.
Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram or Wat Pho is the one of the most important temples in Thailand. This temple has the most pagodas in Thailand. There are 99 pagodas. The important pagodas are pagoda of King Rama I, King Rama II and King Rama IV.
This temple was rebuilt from old Wat Photaram in Ayudhaya period by King Rama I. It was about 7 years and 5 months to finished. And King Rama I change the name from “Photaram” to “Phracheatupon Vimonmungkrawat”. In the period of King Rama IV, he rename this temple again to be "Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram".
Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram is the most 24 th popular place for tourists in the world. In 2549 B.E, about 8,155,000 tourists came and visited this temple.
Wat Phra-sri Rattana Mahathat or Wat Yai is the most important monastery of Phitsanulok. It was built in the reign of Phra Maha Thamma Racha I (Phraya Lithai) in 1357 B.E. In the temple, there is the most beautiful Buddha image in the world, Phra Buddha Chinnaraj was establish inside.
The pearl inlaid wooden doors of temple are especially splendid andwere built by King Borommakot in 1756 as dedicate to Phra Buddha Chinnaraj. Behind the temple, there is a large pagoda 36 maters high. Which a staircase leading up to the niche containing the Buddha relics. In front of the pagoda, there is Phra Attharos, a standing Buddha image. Wat Phra-sri Rattana Mahathat Woramahaviharn is open daily from 6.30 a.m. – 6.00 p.m.
Ambestfriend (talk) 04:36, 19 November 2008 (UTC)

Bengal_(India)
West Bengal is a state in eastern Republic of India, and its capital is Kolkata. In 2001, the population of West Bengal was 80,221,171. With an area of 34,267 sq mi (88,752 km²), it is bigger than Serbia but smaller than Jordan.
West Bengal has a tropical climate, so it is very hot and humid in summer and cool in winter. The people who live here are called Bengalis. Bengalis also live in Bangladesh. Bangladesh is a country to the east of West Bengal
History.
All of India was once ruled by the British Empire. The Indians wanted freedom, but the Hindus and the Muslims of India always argued. So it was decided to divide the country into two parts -- one part for Muslims and one part for Hindus. In 1947 Bengal, which was a province of India, was divided into West Bengal and East Bengal (which is now called Bangladesh). West Bengal went to India, and East Bengal went to Pakistan.

Kavirondo
Kavirondo is the old name of the region around Kavirondo Gulf (now Winam Gulf) as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of British East Africa (The "Nilotic Kavirondo" and the "Bantu Kavirondo"). Broadly, this was defined as those who dwelt in the valley of the Nzoia River, on the western slopes of Mount Elgon, and along the northeast coast of Victoria Nyanza.
Suggested origins of the name "Kavirondo" include
Origins and divisions.
Kavirondo is the general name of two distinct groups of tribes: The Bantu immigrated from the south and the other Nilotic, came from the north. The Bantu appear to have been the first. The Nilotic tribes are probably an offshoot of the Acholi. They appear to have crossed the lake to reach their current home, the country around Kavirondo Gulf. Of the two groups the Bantu now occupy a more northerly position than their neighbors, and are practically the most northerly representatives of that race (Hobley). Their further progress north was stopped by the southward movement of the Nilotic tribes, while the Nilotic Kavirondo in their turn had their wanderings arrested by an irruption of Elgumi people (themselves probably of Nilotic origin) from the east.
The Bantu Kavirondo are divided into three principal types: the Awa-Rimi, the Awa-Ware and the Awa-Kisii. Their Bantu neighbors call the Nilotic Kavirondo "Ja-Mwa". The generic name for the Nilotic tribes is "Ja-Luo", but the Bantu Kavirondo call them "Awa-Nyoro". The two groups have many characteristics in common.
The Kavirondo have many tribes, divided, Sir H. H. Johnston suspects, totemically.
Culture and society.
Traditionally, these people seem to be naked. The men of the Nilotic Kavirondo start to wear a small piece of goat-skin on their penis when they become fathers. This is called "Sembe". Even though this covering is practically useless as a covering, ettiquette says it must still be worn. Even those men who wear clothes must wear the goat-skin, when they are fathers.
Men of the tribe have travelled more, ands have had more contact with white people. Some of the tribesmen now wear European-style clothing. Women travelled less, or were more conservative. They kept the nudity, or the few garments they had before.
Among the Bantu Kavirondo married women wear a short fringe of black string in front and a tassel of banana fibre suspended from a girdle behind. This tassel looks like a tail from a distance. The first travellers to Africa talked about a "tailed race". The Nilotic Kavirondo women wear the tail, but not the fringe in front. For dandy they wear a goat-skin slung over the shoulders.
Some of the Bantu tribes practise circumcision, the Nilotic tribes do not. Patterns are tattooed on chest and stomach for ornament. Men, even husbands, are forbidden to touch the women's tails, which must be worn even should any other clothing be wrapped round the body.
The Kavirondo are known for being independent, eager, and ready to fight. They are seen as honest, and as having a high sexual morality, traits common among the Bantu tribes. There are more women than men. For this reason, polygamy is common.
Among the Bantu tribes a man has the refusal of all the younger sisters of his wife as they attain puberty. Practically no woman lives unmarried all her life, for if no suitor seeks her, she singles out a man and offers herself to him at a reduced price, an offer usually accepted, as the women are excellent agricultural laborers. The Nilotic Kavirondo incline to exogamy, endeavouring always to marry outside their clan. Girls are betrothed at six or seven, and the husband-elect continually makes small presents to his father-in-law-elect till the bride reaches womanhood. It is regarded as shameful if the girl be not found a virgin on her wedding day. She is sent back to her parents, who have to return the marriage price, and pay a fine. The wife's adultery was formerly punished with death, and the capital penalty was also inflicted on young men and girls guilty of unchastity. Among the Bantu Kavirondo the usual minimum price for a wife is forty hoes, twenty goats and one cow, paid in instalments. The Nilotic Kavirondo pay twenty sheep and two to six cows; the husband-elect can claim his bride after half payment; if a woman dies without bearing children, the amount of her purchase is returnable by her father, unless the widower consents to replace her by another sister. The women are prolific and the birth of twins is common and considered a lucky event, which is celebrated by feasting and dances. Among the Bantu Kavirondo the mother of twins must remain in her hut for seven days; among the Nilotic Kavirondo the parents and the infants must stay in the hut for a whole month. If a Bantu mother has lost two children in succession, the next child born is taken out at dawn and placed on the road, where it is left till a neighbor, usually a woman friend who has gone that way on purpose, picks it up and takes it to its mother who gives a goat in return; a somewhat similar custom prevails among the Niotic tribes. Names are not male and female, and a daughter often bears her fathers name.
The Kavirondo bury their dead. Among one of the Bantu tribes, the Awa-Kisesa, a chief is buried in the floor of his own hut in a sitting position, but at such a depth that the head protrudes. Over the head an earthenware pot is placed, and his principal wives have to remain in the hut till the flesh is eaten by ants or decomposes, when the skull is removed and buried close to the hut. Later the skeleton is unearthed, and reburied with much ceremony in the sacred burial place of the tribe. Married women of the Bantu tribes are buried in their hut lying on their right side with legs doubled up, the hut being then deserted. Among the Nilotic tribes the grave is dug beneath the verandah of the hut. Men of the Bantu tribes are buried in an open space in the midst of their huts; in the Nilotic tribes, if the first wife of the deceased be alive he is buried in her hut, if not, beneath the verandah of the hut in which he died. A child is buried near the door of its mothers hut. A sign of mourning is a cord of banana fibre worn round the neck and waist.
A chief chooses, sometimes years before his death, one of his sons to succeed him, often giving a brass bracelet as insignia. A man's property is divided equally among his children.
While some tribes live in isolated huts, those in the north have strongly walled villages. The walls are of mud and formerly, among the Nilotic tribes, occasionally of stone. Since colonization by the British the security of the country induced the Kavirondo to let the walls fall into disrepair. Their huts are circular with conical thatched roofs, and fairly broad verandas all round.
A portion of the hut is partitioned off as a sleeping-place for goats, and the fowls sleep indoors in a large basket. Skins form the only bedsteads. In each hut are two fireplaces, about which a rigid etiquette prevails. Strangers or distant relatives are not allowed to pass beyond the first, which is near the door, and is used for cooking. At the second, which is nearly in the middle of the hut, sits the hut owner, his wives, children, brothers and sisters. Around this fireplace the family sleep.
Cooking pots, water pots and earthenware grain jars are the only other furniture. The food is served in small baskets. Every full-grown man has a hut to himself, and one for each wife. The huts of the Masaba Kavirondo of west Elgon have the apex of the roof surmounted by a carved pole which Sir H. H. Johnston says is obviously a phallus. Among the Bantu Kavirondo a father does not eat with his sons, nor do brothers eat together. Among the Nilotic tribes father and sons eat together, usually in a separate hut with open sides. Women eat apart and only after the men have finished.
Though a peaceful people the Kavirondo fight well. Their weapons are spears with rather long flat blades without blood-courses and broad-bladed swords. Some use slings, and most carry shields. Bows and arrows are also used; firearms are however displacing other weapons. Kavirondo warfare was mainly defensive and intertribal, this last a form of vendetta. When a man had killed his enemy in battle he shaved his head on his return and was rubbed with medicine (generally goats dung), to defend him from the spirit of the dead man. The Awa-Wanga abandoned this custom when they obtained firearms. The young warriors were made to stab the bodies of their slain enemies.
In the colonial era the Kavirondo are on the increase due to their fecundity and morality. Those who live in the low-lying lands suffer from a mild malaria, while abroad they are subject to dysentery and pneumonia. Epidemics of small-pox have occurred. Native medicine is of the simplest. They dress wounds with butter and leaves, and for inflammation of the lungs or pleurisy, pierce a hole in the chest. There are no medicine-men: the women are the doctors. Certain of the incisor teeth are pulled out. If a man retains these he will, it is thought, be killed in warfare. Among certain tribes the women also have incisor teeth extracted, otherwise misfortune would befall their husbands. For the same reason the wife scars the skin of her forehead or stomach. A Kavirondo husband, before starting on a perilous journey, cuts scars on his wife's body to ensure him good luck.
Of dances, the Kavirondo have the birth dance, the death dance, that at initiation and one of a propitiatory kind in seasons of drought. Their music is plaintive and sometimes pretty, produced by a large lyre-shaped instrument. They also use various drums.
The Ja-Luo women use small beads attached to pieces of brass for ear ornaments. Like the aggry beads of West Africa these beads are not of local manufacture nor of recent introduction. They are ancient, generally blue in color, occasionally yellow or green, and are picked up in certain districts after heavy rain. The natives believe they come down with the rain. They are identical in shape and color to ancient Egyptian beads and other beads obtained from ancient cities in Baluchistan.
Religion and beliefs.
They appears to practicee a vague ancestor worship, but the northern tribes have two gods, Awafwa and Ishishemi, the spirits of good and evil. To the former, cattle and goats are sacrificed.
The Kavirondo have great faith in divination from the entrails of a sheep. Nearly everybody and everything are ominous of good or evil to the Kavirondo.
They have few myths or traditions; the antbear is the chief figure in their beast-legends.
They believe in witchcraft and practise trial by ordeal.
Economy.
The Kavirondo are essentially an agricultural people: both men and women work in the fields with large iron hoes. In addition to sorghum, Eleusine and maize, tobacco and hemp are both cultivated and smoked. Both sexes smoke, but the use of hemp is restricted to men and unmarried women, as it is thought to injure child-bearing women. Hemp is smoked in a hubble-bubble. The Kavirondo cultivate sesamum and make an oil from its seeds which they burn in little clay lamps of the ancient saucer type, the pattern being, in Hobley's opinion, introduced into the country by the coast people.
The Kavirondo keep cattle, sheep, goats, fowls and a few dogs. Women do not eat sheep, fowls or eggs, and are not allowed to drink milk except when mixed with other things. The flesh of the wild cat and leopard is esteemed by most of the tribes. Among the Bantu Kavirondo goats and sheep are suffocated, the snout being held until the animal dies. From Eleusine a beer is made.
The Kavirondo are plucky hunters, capturing the hippopotamus with ropes and traps, and attacking with spears the largest elephants. Fish, of which they are very fond, are caught by line and rod or in traps. Bee-keeping is common, and where trees are scarce the hives are placed on the roof of the hut.
Traditional Kavirondo industries are salt-making, effected by burning reeds and water-plants and passing water through the ashes; the smelting of iron ore (confined to the Bantu tribes); pottery and basket-work.

Energy_transfer
In physics, energy transfer is when energy is moved from one place to another.

Gymnasium_(ancient_Greece)
In Ancient Greece the Gymnasion (or Gymnasium, romanized name) was a place were athletes could train for the competitions in public games, such as the Olympic Games. "Gymnos" means naked. Only men were allowed to enter, and train; they did so fully naked (as the name implies). Athletes also competed in the nude. This was said to encourage aesthetic appreciation of the male body. It was believed to be a tribute to the Gods. Gymnasia and palestrae were under the protection and patronage of Heracles, Hermes and, in Athens, Theseus.
Layout.
The picture above shows the Pompeii gymnasium from the top of the stadium wall. The depression in the center-left of the picture was filled with water and used for swimming practice as well. Mock sea battles (naumachiae) took place in the flooded arena floor or a specially dug pool in the arena. According to Oscar Brockett in his History of the Theatre, 5th Ed. (1987), p. 70, "Perhaps the most spectacular of all entertainments were the naumachiae, or sea battles. The first was given in 46 B.C. by Julius Caesar on a lake dug for the occasion; it featured a battle involving 2,000 marines and 6,000 oarsmen. Later the amphitheatres were sometimes flooded for such events. By far the most ambitious of all the naumachiae was given in 52 A.D. on the Fucine Lake east of Rome to celebrate the completion of a water conduit. On that occasion, 19,000 participants fought and many perished. To the right of the picture (partially behind a tree trunk) is a line of carbonized tree stumps. These are the remains of trees (each hundreds of years old) that were part of the palaistra. They were burned in the volcanic eruption of 79. Between these and the colonnade is a line of saplings recently planted as a replacement.

State_tree_Of_Alaska
The Sitka Spruce (Picea sitchensis) is a large coniferous evergreen tree growing to 50-70 m tall, exceptionally to 100 m tall, and with a trunk diameter of up to 5 m, exceptionally to 6-7 m diameter. It is by far the largest species of spruce, and the third tallest conifer species in the world (after Coast Redwood and Coast Douglas-fir). It acquires its name from the community of Sitka, Alaska.

Santiago_de_Compostela
Santiago de Compostela (also Saint James of Compostela) is the capital of the autonomous community of Galicia and a United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Site. The city is in the northwest of Spain in the Province of A Coruña.
The city's Cathedral is the destination of an important pilgrimage route, the Way of St. James (Galician: "Camiño de Santiago", Spanish: "Camino de Santiago"). Pilgrims have been following this route since the ninth century.
The cathedral is believed to be where James, son of Zebedee is buried. Saint James was one of the apostles of Jesus Christ.

Strain_(biology)
In biology, strain is a low-level taxonomic rank used in three related ways.
Microbiology/Virology.
A strain is a genetic variant or subtype of a microorganism, that is to say a virus or bacterium or fungus. For example, a "flu strain" is a certain biological form of the influenza or "flu" virus. Compare clade.
Plants.
In botany, the term is not officially used to rank plants. It is sometimes used to refer to all the descendants produced from a common ancestor that share a uniform morphological or physiological character. A strain is a designated group of offspring that have descended from a modified plant, produced ether by conventional breeding or by biotechnological means or result from genetic mutation. As an example, some rice strains are made by inserting new genetic material into a rice plant, all the descendants of the genetically modified rice plant are a strain with a unique genetic code that is passed on to later generations; the strain designation, which is normally a number or a formal name, covers all the plants that descent from the originally modified plant. The rice plants in the strain can be breed to other rice strains or cultivars, and if desirable plants are produced, these are further breed to stabilize the desirable traits; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and come true, are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers.
Rodents.
A mouse or a rat strain is a group of animals that is genetically uniform. Strains are used in laboratory experiments. Mouse strains can be inbred, mutated or genetically engineered, while rat strains are usually inbred.

Trade_(sports)
In professional sports, a trade is when one (or more) player's contract and/or draft picks is traded between sports teams. Cash is another thing that may be added with contracts and/or draft picks to make a trade. Most often, trades are done between two teams, but there are times where trades are made between three or more teams.

Magnetic_tape
Magnetic tape a long and narrow strip of plastic that thin magnetic material is coated on. Nearly all recording tape is of this type, whether used for recording audio or video or computer data storage.
Magnetic tape recording uses magnetic tape which moves on a recording head. Electrical signals are fed to the recording head, inducing a pattern of magnetization similar to the signal. A playback head can then pick up the changes in magnetic field from the tape and convert it into an electrical signal.
Devices that record and playback audio and video using magnetic tape are generally called tape recorders and video tape recorders respectively. A device that stores computer data on magnetic tape can be called a tape drive, a tape unit, or a streamer. Autoloaders and tape libraries are frequently used to automate cartridge handling.
History.
Magnetic tape was first invented for recording sound by Fritz Pfleumer in 1928 in Germany. Pfleumer's invention used an iron oxide(Fe2O3) powder coating on a long strip of paper.
Magnetic tape has been used for data storage for over 50 years. In this time, many advances in tape have been made. Modern magnetic tape is most commonly packaged in cartridges and cassettes.
Today, many other technologies like CD or DVD are replacing magnetic tape. However, innovation in the technology continues and tape is still widely used.
Strength and Weakness.
When storing large amounts of data, tape can be cheaper than disk or other data storage options. Tape storage has always been used with large computer systems. Modern usage is a high capacity medium for backups and archives. As of 2008, the highest capacity tape cartridge (Sun StorageTek T10000B) can store 1 TB of data without using compression.
But, magnetic tape has quite a long wait time for random accesses since the deck must wind the tape to move from one data to another. (Magnetic tape data stroage uses Sequential access method.)

Letters_to_the_President
Letters to the President is the debut album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson. It was released on October 4, 2005.

Government_of_Sindh
The Government of Sindh is based in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.

George_Clymer
George Clymer (March 16, 1739 – January 23, 1813) was an American politician and Founding Father. He was one of the first Patriots to advocate complete independence from Britain. As a Pennsylvania representative, Clymer was, along with only five others, a signatory of both the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution. He attended the Continental Congress and served in political office until the end of his life.
Legacy.
USS "George Clymer" (APA-27) was named in his honor.
Clymer,Indiana County, Pennsylvania was named in his honor
Clymer, Chautaqua County, New York was named in his honor
George Clymer Elementary School, School District of Philadelphia. This school has educated majority children of color following Clymer's legacy of rights for all people.

Benjamin_Harrison_V
Benjamin Harrison V (April 5, 1726 April 24, 1791) was an American revolutionary leader from Charles City County, Virginia. He was educated at the College of William and Mary. Harrison was a representative for Surry County, Virginia (1756-1758) and Charles City County (1766-1776) to the House of Burgesses. He was a Virginia delegate to the Continental Congress from 1774 to 1777, signed the Declaration of Independence, and was Governor of Virginia from 1781 to 1784.

Ardeonaig
Ardeonaig is a village in Scotland. It is located in the Stirling council area.

Burnside,_South_Lanarkshire
Burnside is a an area of South Lanarkshire. It is part of The Royal Burgh of Rutherglen and Greater Glasgow. It borders with Cambuslang, Blairbeth, Fernhill and Eastfield.

Municipalities_in_Belgium
Belgium is made of 589 municipalities (Dutch: "gemeenten", French: "communes", German: "Gemeinde"). These municipalities are grouped into five provinces.
Usually, municipalities are the smallest subdivisions of Belgium, but in municipalities with more than 100,000 people living there, they get divided into Districts ().

Lesmahagow
Lesmahagow (Gaelic: "Lios MoChuda") is a small town on the edge of moorland, near Lanark in the central belt of Scotland, and is also known as Abbey Green.

Westhill
Westhill is a town in Aberdeenshire, in the parish of Skene, directly west of Aberdeen. It is connected to the city by the A944 road. It is also near Skene, and has a swimming pool, tennis courts, carnival and theme park.

Hilton,_Stirling
Hilton is a village in Stirling, Scotland.

Kilmahog
Kilmahog (Gaelic: "Cille MoChùig" = Cell of St. Chug) is a hamlet situated half a mile to the west of Callander, Scotland, at the junction of the Trossachs and Lochearnhead roads.

Alan_Keyes
Alan Lee Keyes (born August 7, 1950) is a conservative American political activist, author, and former diplomat, and candidate for public office. He ran for President of the United States in 1996, 2000, and 2008, and was a Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in 1988, 1992, and 2004.

Post-grunge
Post-grunge is a music genre that is strongly influenced by grunge music, a genre that started in Seattle, Washington, United States in the mid-1980s. However, it makes it into a more melodic and radio-friendly sound. Not by a coincidence, it has become very popular on the radio.

Scorpion_I
Scorpion I was the first of two kings so-named of Upper Egypt during the Protodynastic Period. His name may refer to the scorpion goddess Serket.
He is believed to have lived in Thinis one or two centuries before the rule of the better known King Scorpion of Nekhen. To him belongs the U-j tomb found in the royal cemetery of Abydos where Thinite kings were buried.

Clerkhill
Clerkhill is an area of the town of Peterhead in north east Scotland. Surrounded by the areas of Meethill, Dales Park and Coplandhill, it is one of the smaller areas of the town.

Bargeddie
Bargeddie is a small town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland, located east of the junction of the M73 and M8 motorways, situated 2 miles (3 km) west of Coatbridge town centre. A location in the same area is named in Timothy Pont's map of 1595, but it appears to be originally spelt as Balgedy.
Former Scottish football player and Arsenal manager, George Graham was born at Bargeddie on 30 November 1944.

Laurencekirk
Laurencekirk is a small town in the ancient county of Kincardineshire, modern county of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, just off the A90 Dundee to Aberdeen main road. It is the largest settlement in the Howe o' the Mearns area and houses the local secondary school; Mearns Academy, which was awarded the Charter Mark in 2003. The 2004 population is estimated at 3,596.

Bonzi_Buddy
Bonzi Buddy was a freeware program from Bonzi.com. The software was available from from 1999 to 2005. It is based on the Microsoft Agent technology. The program is no longer used because it contained much spyware.
For the first version, they used a parrot called Peedy. After the first version, the company had to make up their own agent. They called it Bonzi. The fictional character was a purple gorilla. The first ever purple gorilla appeared on a yellow surf board. In later versions, they changed Bonzi's entrance from a surf board to a vine. The Bonzi website is still open and can be used for search engine but Bonzi Buddy cannot be downloaded anymore. People can still get the character file of Bonzi but not the program.
What Bonzi can do.
Bonzi Buddy could sing, say anything, download, browse, tell facts and tell jokes. He even had his own home page which when visited he would give the user a prize.

Eurythmics
Eurythmics are a British musical duo, formed in 1980 by Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart.

Water_hyacinth
The seven species of Water hyacinth are in the genus Eichhornia.

Hamstead,_Isle_of_Wight
Hamstead is a village on the Isle of Wight. It is located about three miles east of Yarmouth, in the northwest of the island.

Adgestone
Adgestone is a small hamlet on the Isle of Wight. It is located close to Brading in the east of the island.

Anniston,_Alabama
Anniston is a city in Calhoun County in the state of Alabama, United States. As of the 2000 census, the population of the city is 24,276. According to the 2005 U.S. Census estimates, the city had a population of 23,741.

Union_Springs,_Alabama
Union Springs is a city in and the county seat of Bullock County, Alabama, United States. The population was 3,670 at the 2000 census.

Winfield,_Alabama
Winfield is a city in Fayette and Marion counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. The population was 4,540 at the 2000 census, the second largest city in Marion County.

Didelphis
The six species in the genus "Didelphis", commonly known as large American opossums, are members of the Didelphimorphia order.

Alessandro_Volta
Count Alessandro Giuseppe Antonio Anastasio Volta (18 February 1745 – 5 March 1827) was a Lombard physicist known especially for the development of the first electrical cell in 1800. He was born in Como in Lombardy, Italy.
Volta worked on the that makes a static electric charge in 1775. Volta also studied what we now call capacitance, developing separate means to study both electrical potential V and charge Q, and discovering that for a given object they are proportional. This may be called Volta's Law of, and likely for this work the unit of electrical potential has been named the volt. Around 1791 he began to study ". In this way he discovered Volta's Law of the series, and the law that the (emf formula_1) of a. In 1800, He invented the "voltaic pile", an early electric battery, which made a steady electric current. It is credited as the first electrochemical cell.
In honor of his work in the field of electricity, Napoleon made him a count in 1810. A museum in Como, the Voltian Temple, has been built in his honor and exhibits some of the original equipment he used to conduct experiments. In 1881, an important electrical unit, the volt(V), was named in his honor. There have also been innovations and discoveries named after Alessandro Volta including the, and the on the Moon.
Volta married the daughter of Count Ludovico Peregrini, Teresa, with whom he raised three sons. In 1779 he became professor of experimental physics at the University of, a chair he occupied for almost 25 years. Volta is buried in the city of Como. At the Tempio Voltiano near there is a museum devoted to explaining his work.

Peshawer
Peshawar is a city in Pakistan, and it is the capital of the Afghania. The main languages spoken there are Pashto, Hindko and Urdu. Peshawar's estimated population in 2005 was 1,240,000 people.

M_postcode_area
The M postcode area, also known as the Manchester postcode area, is a group of lots of postal districts in Greater Manchester, England.
The code covers three places: Manchester, Salford, and Sale. It covers parts of all Greater Manchester boroughs except for Stockport. All of Manchester is covered by the code, except for a small village called Ringway, which is in the WA postcode area. The postcode also includes nearly all of Salford and most of the borough of Trafford.

Brighton,_Alabama
Brighton is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. At the 2000 census the population was 3,640.

Eufaula,_Alabama
Eufaula is a city in Barbour County, Alabama, United States. At the 2000 census the population was 13,908.

Disinformation
Disinformation is false or inaccurate information that is spread on purpose. It may include the handing out of forged documents, manuscripts, and photographs, or propagation of malicious rumors and fabricated intelligence.

Ford_Fusion
Ford Fusion is a name used on two different models of cars from the Ford Motor Company.
Ford used the name "Ford Fusion" before the launch of the European Ford Focus. The used this name with in communications with contractors working on parts of that model's launch publicity. Ford did not say whether the late change to "Focus" had been the because of a genuine change in its plans, or becuase they wanted the real name to remain a secret until the launch of the model.

High_Wycombe
High Wycombe is a large town in south Buckinghamshire. It has a population of 92,300. The town is the second largest town in Buckinghamshire after Milton Keynes. High Wycombe is the central hub for south Buckinghamshire and parts of Berkshire, Oxfordshire and Hertfordshire. It has central bus and railway stations with services to London and Birmingham, England's two largest cities. It is also a shopping area. It has one of the largest shopping centres in England. The town is located in the Chilterns, an area of natural beauty. This makes it a tourist location. It has a museum, a regional theatre, a tourist information centre and two National Trust properties within three miles of the town centre. It is also a sporting venue. The venue has a large football stadium and one of few olympic size swimming pools in the United Kingdom. The town has a university (which is currently building new places for students to live) and several well-regarded grammar schools as well as Wycombe Abbey, a famous private girls school.

Westminster_School
The Royal College of St. Peter in Westminster, almost always known as Westminster School, is one of Britain's leading private schools, with one of the highest number of students going to Oxford or Cambridge Universities of any secondary school or college. Located in within of Westminster Abbey in central London, and with a history going back before the 12th century, the school's notable ex-students include Ben Jonson, Robert Hooke, Christopher Wren, Jeremy Bentham, and A. A. Milne. Boys enter the Westminster Under School when they are seven years old, and to the main school when they are thirteen. Girls are allowed only at sixteen. The school has around 750 pupils; around a third are boarders (who live in the school), of whom most go home for the weekends, after Saturday morning school.

Dave_Baksh
David Nizaam "Brownsound" Baksh (born 26 July, 1980 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian guitarist, singer and producer of Guyanese descent, best known as the former guitarist of successful pop punk band Sum 41, but has since became a singer/guitarist in his own heavy metal/reggae project Brown Brigade.

La_Motte-d'Aigues
La Motte-d'Aigues is a commune of 1,010 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Puyméras
Puyméras is a commune of 610 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Roussillon,_Vaucluse
Roussillon is a commune of 1,161 people (1999). It is located in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France. It was elected "one of the prettiest villages in France" ("un des plus beau villages de France")

Volos
Volos is a Greek city. It is located in the center of Greece, in district of Thessalia. Its population is 85,000 inhabitants but its population with its suburb is over 115,000 inhabitants. The major suburb of Volos is Nea Ionia which it is located in the north-west of Volos. Volos is built at the foot of Pilio mountain. It is a coastal city and has a big harbor. Volos' Harbor connects Volos with Sporades islands and other places. Near Volos are found the ancient Greek towns, Iolkos, Dimitrias and Pagases. Volos is built at the same place with Pagases. The hero Jason was from Iolkos. Today Volos is an industrial town.

Troy,_Alabama
Troy is a city in Pike County, Alabama, United States. At the 2000 census the population was 13,935. A new census estimate documented in the July 18, 2008, edition of the Dothan Eagle newspaper, lists Troy's population as 14,482. The city is the county seat of Pike County. It is home to Troy University (formerly Troy State University).

A_(Cyrillic)
A (A, a) is the first letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.
It came from the Greek alpha. A long time ago, it was called "azǔ" and stood for the number 1 (number). It looks exactly the same and is the same as the Roman A.
All languages that use the Cyrillic alphabet say it as [a].

Stratovarius
Stratovarius is a Finnish power metal band that formed in 1983. Their material contains elements of symphonic metal, progressive metal and NWOBHM.

Tibeto-Burman_languages
The Tibeto-Burman family of languages (often considered a sub-group of the Sino-Tibetan language family) is spoken in various central and south Asian countries, including Myanmar (Burma), Tibet, northern Thailand, Vietnam, Laos, parts of central China (Guizhou, Hunan), northern parts of Nepal, north-eastern parts of Bangladesh, Bhutan, western Pakistan (Baltistan), and various regions of India (Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, and both the Ladakh and Kargil regions of Jammu and Kashmir).
The subfamily includes approximately 350 languages; Burmese has the most speakers (approximately 32 million). Approximately 8 million Tibetans and related peoples speak one of several related Tibetan dialects or languages.

Jatujak_market
Jatujak Market
Jatujak Market or sometimes called Bangkok market. In the past, it was located in Sanamluang, and the staffs of Siam handicraft.com’s shop had been started his business on producing, selling, and being agents for selling Thai handicraft product. In Buddhist Era 2521, the government wanted this place to be the park for relaxing and exercising. Thailand’s government authorities train gave Pahonyothin area connected to southern of Jatujak market to make a new market so the Sanamluang market had moved there and changed the named after the area named “Pahonyothin area market”. In Buddhist Era 2530, it had been changed the named to “Jatujak Market” until now.
Nowadays Jatujak market has been made buying and selling culture and be famous around the world as the center of selling products. It has more than 112,000 square meters. Foreign tourists know Jatujak market as JJ market or Jatujak weekend market.

Sanam_Luang
Sanam Luang is a big field located in front of Wat Phra Kaew, and the Grand Palace in Bangkok, Thailand. Sanam Luang has another name, Tung Pra Me'Ru. It was used for cremation of the King and his royal relatives. In 1855, King Rama IV changed the field's name into Sanam luang. He announced that “The area in front of Wat Phra Keaw was called Wat Pra Me'R (meaning cremation field). The name was thought to be unlucky, so from then, the field was renamed Sanam Luang”. King Rama I used Sanam Luang to officiate ceremonies.
In King Rama V's era, Sanam Luang was extend and the buildings around the Sanam Luang were destroy, the people used Sanam Luang to perform ceremonies instead of growing rice.
In King Rama VI era's, they used Sanam Lung for horse racing and turned part of the field into a golf couse.
At the present, Thai people still use Sanam Luang to officiate ceremonies of the King, royal princes and princess. Sanam Luang is the important old place of the nation.

Control_engineering
Control engineering is the engineering field that focuses on mathematical modeling of systems of a various nature, analyzing their dynamic behavior, and using control theory to create a controller that will cause the systems to behave in a desired manner. Modern control engineering is closely related to electrical, electronic and computer engineering, as electronic circuits can often be easily explained using control theory techniques. And also it is related to biological unit.Control engineering needs Electrical circuits, antenaa and very small control unit. And as engineering is developing, control engineering is often desired. For example, there are automobile, biologcal engineering, wireless communication, and etc.
In most of the cases, control engineers make use of feedback when designing control systems. For example, in an automobile with sail control the machine's speed is continuously checked and fed back to the system which adjusts the motor's spin power accordingly. Also resently, control system is used in nano technology. And the field of control within chemical engineering is known as process control. For example, we can change chemical process fast and easily. Many developments were invoked by this process control. Like this, Control engineering has a lot if fields that include science, finance management, and even human action.
So, What is the important thing of control engineering? The answer is feedback. But control engineers may also work on the control of systems without feedback. This is known as open loop control. An open-loop controller, also called a non-feedback controller, is a type of controller which count its input into a system using only the current condition and its model of the system. A classic example of open loop control is a washing machine that works through a scheduled cycle without the use of units.

Islamic_terrorism
Islamic terrorism is a kind of terrorism. The terrorists claim their religion, Islam, or how they interpret it is their motivation.
Many islamic scholars and theolgians say that it is wrong to kill innocent people. Suicide is something the Koran sees as wrong. The people doing terroist attacks, and saying their religion made them do it usually follow a very minority interpretation of Islam.

East_Ayrshire
East Ayrshire ("Siorrachd Inbhir Àir an Ear" in Gaelic) is one of 32 council areas of Scotland. It borders onto North Ayrshire, East Renfrewshire, South Lanarkshire, South Ayrshire and Dumfries and Galloway. With South Ayrshire and the mainland areas of North Ayrshire, it formed the former county of Ayrshire.
The area was formed in 1996, from the former Kilmarnock and Loudoun and Cumnock and Doon Valley districts.
Kilmarnock is the largest town in East Ayrshire.
Main Towns.
Kilmarnock is the largest town; other small main towns are New Cumnock and Cumnock.
HQ.
The HQ for East Ayrshire Council is located on London Road Kilmarnock
Secondary Education.
Auchinleck Academy
Kilmarnock Academy
Grange Academy
Loudoun Academy
Cumnock Academy
James Hamilton Academy
Doon Academy
St Josephs Academy
Stewarton Academy

Rhea_(bird)
The rheas are species of flightless birds in the genus "Rhea", native to South America.
Description.
The Common Rhea (also called the Nandu) is a large, flightless bird from forests of South America. This ratite is the largest bird in the Americas. The common rhea is a fast runner; when it runs, its neck is almost horizontal to the ground. Rheas congregate in flocks of about 20 to 30 birds.
Diet.
Rheas eat mostly plants, fruits, seeds, and nuts, but also will also eat insects and other small animals (like lizards).
Reproduction.
The female rhea lays 12-30 yellow-cream eggs in a clutch. The male digs the nest (a simple scrape in the ground), incubates the eggs (for 6 weeks), and raises the chicks. Rheas are mature at 2 years of age.

Weddings_Parties_Anything
Weddings Parties Anything (sometimes called WPA and Weddoes) were an Australian folk rock band. They started in 1984 in Melbourne, Victoria. The band stopped playing together in 1998. They took their name from The Clash song "Revolution Rock". Music expert Billy Pinnell said their first album "Scorn of the Women" was the best first Australian rock album since Skyhooks' album "Living in the '70s".

Ioannina
Ioannina is a Greek town which is located in the northwest of Greece, in Ipiros district. Ioannina is the capital of Ioannina prefecture and Ipiros periphery. Its population is 67,384 inhabitants. Ioannina is built on the bank of Pamvotida lake. Around Ioannina there are many tall mountains. Beside the town is Mitsikeli mountain. In the east of Ioannina is the Pindos range.
Ioannina's lake.
Ioannina is built next to the lake which is named Pamvotida or Ioannina's lake. Ioannina has a small port on the lake which connects Ioannina with the island of the lake. The island of the lake is a small island with very importants monuments and buildings. These buildings have been built during Ottoman period and Byzantine period
Sites of interest.
Ioannina has many places of interest. The most interesting place is the castle beside the lake. Many old churches are also very interesting places. There are many interesting sites on the lake's island about which we mentioned above.

Jointer_plane
A Jointing plane is used to sharpen the edges of boards so they will fit together.It has a 2-3/8" wide blade and is 18-24" long and hand used.There is also a shorter version of the jointer plane known as the fore plane which is around 18 inches (457mm) long.

NFL_Draft
The NFL Draft is sports draft held every year. In the draft National Football League (NFL) teams select new players to be added to their team's roster. These new players usually are those ending their time playing football in college.

Ur_So_Gay
"Ur So Gay" is a single released by Katy Perry of the debut EP called "Ur So Gay - EP". The song is featured on the Perry's new debut hit Studio Album "One Of The Boys".
Music Video.
The music video for "Ur So Gay" depicts Perry singing the song with animated clouds and grass surrounding her and her blue guitar. It occasionally cuts to a storyline featuring a Barbie version of Katy.

University_of_Michigan_College_of_Engineering
The University of Michigan College of Engineering is the engineering section of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. With 5,120 undergraduate and 2,532 graduate students as of 2007, the College of Engineering is one of the largest engineering schools in the United States. In several ranking systems, the college is ranked as one of the top ten engineering schools in the nation.

Scarborough_(ship)
The Scarborough was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. The ships left England in May 1787 and arrived in Australia in January 1788. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. The "Scarborough" was a ship of 430 tons under the command of John Marshall. The ship had a contract with the British Government to carry convicts. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month. They had to agree to keep the prisoners secure and in safe custody. After transporting the convicts to New South Wales, the "Scarborough" was under contract to work for the East India Company.

Jamiroquai
Jamiroquai is an English acid jazz band. It was created by Jason Kay. The name of the band is a compound word created from "Jam session" and the name of the Native American tribe, the "Iroquois".
The band's first single, "When You Gonna Learn?", was released in 1992. Because of the success of this single, Jamiroquai made a contract with Sony BMG. They release their first album "Emergercy on Planet Earth" in 1993. The next year, their second album "The Return of Space Cowboy" was released. This album become popular. In 1996, a song "Virtual Insanity" on the third album "Travelling without Moving" was very popular. The music video of this song was so innovative that it caused a big sensation. With this song, Jamiroquai was nominated for 10 MTV video awards. It won four awards. This album made the band famous all across the world.

Golden_Lion_Tamarin
The golden lion tamarin ("Leontopithecus rosalia"), also called the golden lion marmoset is a small, squirrel-sized mammal with a lion-like mane. Tamarins live in small family groups. They are diurnal (most active during the day); at night, they rest in the cavity of a tree. The life span is about 15 years. They are in danger of extinction due to loss of habitat as their forest home is being cleared. These tamarins are arboreal (they live in trees). They live in coastal tropical rainforests in eastern Brazil of South America.
Diet.
The golden lion tamarin is an omnivore (eating both animals and plants); it eats insects, fruit, small snakes, lizards, snails, spiders, and vegetables. Tamarins use their claws to dig for insects in the bark of trees.

American_League_Championship_Series
In Major League Baseball, the American League Championship Series (ALCS), played in October, is a playoff round that decides the winner of the American League pennant. The winner of the series moves on to play the winner of the National League Championship Series in baseball's championship, the World Series.

King_Bayinnong
King Bayinnong (พระเจ้าบุเรงนอง), King Rama III in Toungoo Dynasty. Most people, all Thais and foreigners know him as “Phoo-cha-na-sib-tid” (Conqueror of ten directions).
He was born on February, 1646. His original name was “Ja-dhet”. “Ja” means termite, “dhet” means climbing.
King Bayinnong was the king that Burma celebrated him to be “the great king” because of his braveness as a warrior. He dominated from Ayeyarwady River to Khong River and colonies for example: Bago or Pegu, Lanchang, Thai Yai, Cambodia, Vietnam, Ayudhaya, Chang Mai,and etc. In Archaeological evidences told that before King Bayinnong went to battle, he would respect relic of Cha-way-mor-dor, relic of Bago or Pegu.
There were many insurgents after King Tabinshwehti died. So King Bayinnong was enthroned and he ascended in 1681. His palace named “Kamboza Thadi Palace”. King Bayinnong died in 1711.

Flag_of_Italy
The flag of Italy is a tricolour flag. It has three same-sized vertical strips of green, white, and red, with green being at the hoist side. Its current form was adopted on 1 January 1948.

Microfabrication
Microfabrication is made up of the words micro and fabrication. Micro is a prefix in SI and other systems of units denoting a factor of 10−6. So it means very small. Fabrication means making or producing goods, equipment, etc. from various different materials.
So microfabrication is a term that describes the manipulation of the process that is small-scale, micro-miniature, micromanufacturing micrometre size or structure. Historically the earliest micromanufacturing was used for semiconductor devices in integrated circuit fabrication and these processes have been covered by the term "semiconductor device fabrication," "semiconductor manufacturing," etc. A variety of devices and small arms in various fields of science and engineering presents a challenge: physics, chemistry, materials science, computer science, Ultra - precision engineering, manufacturing process and has designed equipment. It will create a wide variety of research.
The major concepts and principles of micromanufacturing are laser technology and microlithography.

Haji_Sawan_Khan_Gopang
Haji Sawan Khan Gopang is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka (rural) in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It has a population of 24,005.

Jamshoro
Jamshoro (Urdu: جامشورو) is the capital city of Jamshoro District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located on the right bank of Indus River. It is about 18 kilometres north-west of the city of Hyderabad.

Naushahro_Feroze
Naushahro Feroze () is town in Naushahro Feroze District, Sindh, Pakistan. It is the capital of Naushahro Feroze District.

Piyaro_Lund
Piyaro Lund is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan, it has a population of 23,613. It is and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka and is located in the south of the district at.

Ratodero
Ratodero is the capital of Ratodero Taluka a "sub-division" of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located some 30 km away from the district capital Larkana.
Famous People.
There have been many people from Ratodero including two former Prime Ministers - Zulfikar and Benazir Bhutto.

BBC_HD
BBC HD is a high-definition television channel provided by the BBC. The service was initially run as a trial from 15 May 2006 until becoming a full service on 1 December 2007. The first HD originated program to be shown on the channel was "Planet Earth", shown on 27 May 2006.

Be_Unlimited
Be Unlimited, or simply "Be", is a growing UK Internet service provider. "Be Unlimited" and "Be" are trading names of "Be Un Limited".

Dagens_Næringsliv
"Dagens Næringsliv" is one of Norway's main newspapers. The newspaper was first named "Norges Sjøfartstidende". It was founded in 1889.

Fruit_bat
Fruit bats (Family Pteropodidae) are flying mammals that live in dense forests in Africa, Europe, Australia, and Asia. There are about 166 species of fruit bats. Fruit bats are sometimes known as flying foxes. These bats live in huge colonies, known as "camps." These nocturnal (most active at night) animals rest during the day while hanging upside down from their feet.
Pollination and Seed Dispersal.
As fruit bats fly from plant to plant getting food, they also pollinate the plants they visit. In addition, they disperse the plants' seeds as they eat. Many plants, including some avocados, dates, mangos, and peaches, are dependent on these bats for either pollination or seed dispersal.
Senses and Diet.
Fruit bats mostly eat fruit juice and flower nectar. They chew the fruit, then spit out the seeds, peel, and pulp. Fruit bats, like other Megachiropteran bats, use the sense of smell to find their food, fruit and/or nectar. Although they have large eyes and can see well, fruit bats do not use sight as their primary sense.

Foundation
Foundation means a starting point. The verb 'to found' means to create, to bring into existence. We speak of 'The founder of a college'.
In construction.
A tall building must have a strong foundation if it is to stand for a long time. If a castle is built on rock, it has all the foundation it needs. But if it is built on sand it will soon fall.
To make a foundation, we normally dig a trench in the ground, digging deeper and deeper until we come to subsoil, which is more solid than the topsoil that we use to grow plants and crops. When the trench is deep enough, we fill it with any strong, hard material we can find. Sometimes we pour in concrete into the trench, which we strengthen even more by first putting long thin round pieces of steel into the trench. When the concrete dries, the steel acts like the bones in our bodies to tie the foundation together. We call this reinforced concrete.
Once the foundation has been packed down tightly, or dried hard, we can begin to build.
A type of company.
A foundation can also be a kind of company set up to carry out charity or research work. A foundation is usually endowed which means it is given a large sum of money to do its work. An example is the Rockefeller Foundation. The Rockefeller family made their money from banking and oil and their family foundation is endowed with a very great sum of money. The people running the foundation think of ways to use the money to help charities, the arts, or whatever they like.
Another example is the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Bill Gates made a fortune from Microsoft the computer company. He and his wife now spend nearly all their time giving away the money he has made, to projects like education in the United States and treating AIDS in Third World countries.

Chamber_Taluka
Chamber Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Chambar is the capital.

Linden,_Alabama
Linden is a city in and the county seat of Marengo County, Alabama, United States. The population was 2,424 at the 2000 census.

Neamţ_County
Neamţ () is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in the historic region of Moldavia, with the county seat at Piatra Neamţ.
Demographics.
In 2002, it had a population of 557,000 and a population density of 99/km².

Tiraspol
Tiraspol is the capital city of Transnistria.

Yanina_Batyrchina
Yanina "Yana" Farkhadovna Batyrchina (Russian:Янина Фархадовна Батыршина, "Yanina Farxadovna Bat'irsina" born October 07, 1979 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union) is a former rhythmic gymnast from Russia. She placed silver (2nd) all-around in the Atlanta Olympics, losing gold after dropping her ribbon in the middle of a routine. She retired in 1998. She is married and has two baby daughters.

Wellington,_New_South_Wales
Wellington is a town in New South Wales. It is located where the Macquarie and Bell Rivers join together. The town is the centre of the Wellington Shire Local Government Area. The town is 362kms from Sydney on the Great Western Highway and Mitchell Highway. The average summer temperatures are between 17.5º Celsius and 31.7º Celsius. In winter the temperatures are between 1.5º Celsius and 15º Celsius. In 2001 there were 4,672 people living in Wellington. There were 9,200 people living in the Wellington Shire.
History.
The area was originally lived in by the Wiradjuri people. Explorer John Oxley was the first European to discover the area in 1817. He named it "Wellington Valley" after Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington.
Wellington was settled in the 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 as a convict settlement. Farmers started settling along the Macquarie Valley. The convict settlement closed in 1831. In 1832 a Christian mission was started in the settlement for the Aborigines. A village called Montefiores was started on the north side of the Macquarie River crossing. The village of Wellington was officially listed in 1846 and was made a town in 1879. Wellington Shire Council was started in 1947.
Wellington is the second oldest New South Wales settlement west of the Blue Mountains. A hotel that opened in 1842 is the oldest hotel west of the Blue Mountains. It was also the site of the last recorded duel fought in Australia in 1854. The railway from Sydney reached Wellington in 1880.
Economy.
Wellington is the centre of rich farm land. Lucerne and vegetables are grown on land beside the river. Wheat, wool, fat lambs and beef cattle are grown nearby. The town acts as a business centre for the district. However, now Orange and Dubbo have become bigger business centres.
In September 2008, a gaol, the Wellington Correctional Centre was opened. A Probation and Parole Office was also opened in the centre of town. Wellington Council hopes this will increase the number of jobs and bring visitors to the town.
The local newspaper "The Wellington Times", owned by Rural Press, is printed three times a week..
Transport.
There is a daily train, the Countrylink XPT, which runs between Sydney and Dubbo.
The closest commercial airport is at Dubbo. There are regular daily flights from Sydney. There is a small airport (Bondangora Airport) for private planes 12kms east of Wellington.
Nearby attractions.
Lake Burrendong, a man-made lake. is 30kms south of the town. Its holds three and a half times more water than Sydney Harbour. Its water is used for farming. It is also visited by people wanting to fish, sail and water ski. Burrendong Arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered Australian plants and covers 1.60 km².
The Wellington Caves are millions of years old. The main cave is Cathedral Cave with the massive Altar Rock.
The Wellington Boot, a country racing festival is held in every year in March and April. There is also a winery, the Bell River Wine Estate. The Nangara Gallery has a collection of Aboriginal objects.

Madison,_Alabama
Madison is a city in Limestone and Madison counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2006 Census Bureau estimates, the population of the city was 36,824.

Florence,_Alabama
Florence is a city in and the county seat of Lauderdale County, Alabama, United States. It is in the northwestern corner of the state.

Robert_II_of_Scotland
Robert II (early 1316 - 19 April 1390) was King of Scotland from 1371 through 1390. He was the first king of the House of Stewart.

Thaksin_Shinawatra
Thaksin Shinawatra is a Thai businessman, politician, former Prime Minister of Thailand, and former leader of the populist Thai Rak Thai Party. He was removed from an influence of laws. Now he is currently outside of Thailand.
Profile.
Thaksin Shinawatra was born on 26th July, 1949 at San Kamphaeng,Chiang mai. His nickname is Maew. Thaksin He's the second child of Mr.Bunlerd Shinawatra and Mrs.Yindee Shinawatra. In 1974 Thaksin was maried with Mrs.Podchaman Shinawatra. They have three children are Mr.Panthongthea Shinawatra, Miss Pinthongtaa Shinawatra, and Miss Pheathongtan Shinawatra.
Politics.
Thaksin is very clever. He can solve many problems that the last prime minister can not do. He did many good things like subdue the drugs, set up OTOP, and develop Thailand.
Because Thaksin Shinawatra is too clever. He can found the opening of the law. He use the opening of the law for himself. And a group of Thai people know about his mistakes. Then they set up PAD.

William_Eustis
William Eustis (June 21, 1753 – February 6, 1825) Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. He served as United States Secretary of War from March 7, 1809 to January 13, 1813. He was appointed United States Ambassador to Holland by President James Madison, serving from 1814 to 1818.

Ōmisoka
New Year's Eve is cold "Omisoka" in Japan. People in Japan often eat "Toshikoshi soba(年越し蕎麦）”. People eat it with the wish of living a simple and long life next year.

Venomous_snake
A venomous snake is a snake that uses venom on prey to stop them and for self-defense.
Families of venomous snakes.
Over 600 species are known to be venomous -- about a quarter of all snake species.

1987_Sino-Indian_skirmish
The 1987 Sino-Indian skirmish occurred at Sumdorong Chu Valley. This was the second conflict between the PRC and India, with the previous one taking place exactly a quarter of a century earlier.

List_of_people_from_Dunedin
The New Zealand city of Dunedin is noted for producing a large number of famous people. Many of these are natives of the city; others travelled to Dunedin to be educated at the University of Otago.

Ammunition
Ammunition, often called ammo, comes from the French word "la munition". At first it meant all items used for war. This was from the Latin word "munire" (to provide). It now is used only for gunpowder and artillery. The group word for all types of ammunition is munitions. This means anything that can be used in combat and includes bombs, missiles, warheads, and mines (landmines, naval mines, and claymore mines). These are made in munitions factories.
Ammunition is mainly used to send out force against a target. Ammunition can also include flares and incendaries - chemicals that start fires. Since the making of the cartridge, ammunition has come to mean the putting of a projectile - the item that is sent to hit the target, and its propellant - the chemical that creates the force, into a single package.
Ammmunition is a complex subject. It covers use of fire to a hit target, use of weapons by people, explosives and propellants, cartridges, high explosive projectiles (HE), warheads, special shells to attack armour and aircraft, carrier projectiles, fuses, mortar ammunition, small arms (revolver and pistol) ammunition, grenades, mines, flares, improved conventional munitions, and computer guided munition.

Launceston
Launceston is a city in Australia, and is the second biggest city in the state of Tasmania. It has an approximate population of 70,000, but services another 30,000 people. It is located at the junction of the North Esk, South Esk and Tamar Rivers and was founded in 1806.

Districts_of_Sindh
There are 23 districts in Sindh, Pakistan.

Gundaroo,_New_South_Wales
Gundaroo is a small village in New South Wales, Australia. It is in the Yass Valley Shire. It is built near the Yass River. Gundaroo is about 16 kms north of Sutton and about 15 km west of the Lake George range. About 300 people live there.
History.
The explorers Charles Throsby and Joseph Wild travelled through the Yass River valley in 1820. The Aborigines called the valley "Candariro" which means "blue crane". This name might be the meaning of the word Gundaroo. Governor Lachlan Macquarie gave the first European settler, Peter Cooney, 30 acres in 1825. Other farms were started quickly with about 400 people in the 1840s. The Harrow Inn (hotel) was built in 1834. A post office was built in 1848 and an Anglican church, St Lukes in Upper Gundaroo (now part of a pottery business), in 1849. The first school opened in 1850 and a Police Station in 1852. When gold was discovered in the area in 1852 many more people came to the town.
Gundaroo has become a place where people who work in Canberra can live. It is a village for tourists from Canberra to visit because of its well cared for historic buildings.

River_Tees
The Tees is a river in England. It starts in Cross Fell (a mountain) in the Pennines, and opens up into the North Sea. It forms a border between North Yorkshire and County Durham and also between the towns of Hartlepool and Redcar.

Saving_Abel_(2006_album)
Saving Abel ("the 2006 album") is the debut self-titled album by American rock band formed in 2004 called Saving Abel. A song from this album is a single on the 2008 self-titled album by "Saving Abel" called 18 Days.

Halesowen
Halesowen is a town in West Midlands, England, UK.

Waterlooville
Waterlooville is a town in Hampshire, England, UK. It is not far from Portsmouth.

Bexhill-on-Sea
Bexhill-on-Sea is a town in East Sussex, England, UK. It is between Eastbourne and Hastings.

John_Ireland
John Ireland (born near Manchester, 13 August 1879; died Washington, Sussex, 12 June 1962) was an English composer. He is particularly remembered for his "Piano Concerto" and for his church music, especially the anthem "Greater love hath no man", the song "The Holy Boy" and the hymn tune to "My song is love unknown". He had an unhappy childhood, and he always felt unsure of himself and rather lonely.
Life.
John Ireland was born in Bowdon, Greater Manchester. His father, who was 70 years old, was a publisher who owned a newspaper. He had married for a second time after his wife had died, and John was the youngest of five children from the second marriage. His mother was 30 years younger than Alexander. When John was 14 his mother died, and his father died the next year.
John Ireland studied piano and organ at the Royal College of Music. Later he also had composition lessons from Charles Villiers Stanford. He later became a teacher at the College himself. His pupils included the composers Alan Bush andGeoffrey Bush (who were not related), Ernest Moeran and Benjamin Britten. Geoffrey Bush later helped to prepare a lot of Ireland’s works for publication. Ireland mostly made his living as an organist and choirmaster.
Ireland enjoyed going to the Channel Islands. He liked the landscapes there. He was evacuated from them just before the German invasion during World War II.
John Ireland married once, but his marriage only lasted a few months.
On 10 September 1949, his 70th birthday was celebrated in a special Prom concert. The soloist in the "Piano Concerto" was the pianist Eileen Joyce, who later made the first gramophone recording of the concerto.
Ireland retired in 1953. He moved to a tiny village in Sussex, where he lived in an old windmill which had been changed into a home.
He died aged 82 in Washington, Sussex of heart failure.
Music.
John Ireland was never much influenced by folksong like many other English composers of his time. His music is more related to Impressionism. He liked the music of French composers such as Debussy and Ravel as well as Igor Stravinsky and Bartók. His "Piano Concerto" is one of his best works. It shows that he developed his own personal style of harmony. Most of his other good works are short pieces, including many for piano solo. His best-known piece is the song "The Holy Boy". It is heard in many different arrangements. His songs to poems by A. E. Housman, Thomas Hardy, Christina Rossetti, John Masefield, Rupert Brooke and others, are among some of the best English art songs.. He also wrote hymns, carols, and other sacred choral music; among choirs he is probably best known for the anthem "Greater love hath no man", often sung in services that remember the victims of war. Another choral work, "These things shall be" expresses his deepest hopes for mankind, although in his last years he said that he hated the work.
References.
The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980; ISBN1-56159-174-2

Midlothian
Midlothian is a landlocked council area of Scotland, UK.

Selby
Selby is a town in North Yorkshire, England, UK. There was a great fire there in 1906. It is not far from the border with the East Riding of Yorkshire.

National_Hockey_League_rivalries
Rivalries in the National Hockey League (NHL) have happendned between many teams and cities. Rivalries have come up for many different reasons, the most common ones include being in the same area, knowing each other, violence during the game, and culture related or national pride.

Falsifiability
Scientists make hypotheses and theories about their fields of study. At the start, they believe their hypothesis or theory is true. Falsifiability (or refutability) means that an example can be found through an experiment or an observation where the hypothesis is wrong.
Put another way, if a scientist comes up with a rule or law (such as gravity), they have to also be able to imagine a way to show that it is wrong.
Karl Popper had the opinion that only theories that are falsifiable are scientific.
Example.
Crow is a generic term for a bit over 40 different kinds of birds. It would be possible to make a theory "All crows are white". Suppose now, that someone observes a crow on a tree, and they note the crow is black. The sentence "All crows are while" can also be written as "There are no crows that are non-white". If someone observes a black crow, he could say "There are black crows" (alternatively: "There is at least one crow that is black"). This is a contradiction to "All crows are white", and falsifies the theory.

Cornell_University
Cornell University is a college in Ithaca, New York. It is a member of the Ivy League athletic conference. The college was founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickinson White.

Austin_Motor_Company
Austin was a British car manufacturer formed in 1905, the company merged with Morris in 1952, becoming the lead partner in British Motor Company. This became British Leyland and then Austin Rover before the company became the Rover Group, and the company began phasing the brand out in 1987, by 1989 all Austin Cars had been cleared of Austin branding. The name has now passed into the ownership of Nanjing Motor Corporation, who have stated an intrest in reviving the name.
Pre Merger.
The company was formed in 1905 by Herbert Austin, originally making cars from a factory in Rotherham, Yorkshire before moving to Longbridge, Birmingham. In the First World War Austin made aircraft for the Army and Navy, it was this work what lead to the rapid expansion of the company, following the war the company stopped making aircraft. The company became Britain's biggest car maker, in 1952 it merged with its biggest rival Morris, with Austin being the lead partner. This company was known as the British Motor Company (BMC).
British Motor Corporation.
Following the merger with Morris, the model line up for Austin changed considerably. The most notable car to come from this era was the Austin Mini, this was also sold as a Morris Mini and was made up until 2000 (though not as an Austin after 1987). Austin enjoyed a favourable market share during the 1950s and 1960s, but its market dominance was to be tested in the 1970s after the creation of British Leyland.
The Leyland Years.
In 1968 British Motor Company (Austin and Morris) merged with Leyland (Rover and Triumph) to become British Leyland. It was the British Leyland years that were perhaps the most difficult and in 1975 British Leyland was nationalised. Austin's market share fell, as did other marques within the company, leading to the phasing out of the Morris name plate in 1981. There were many strikes at British Leyland's factories, making British Leyland and other companies with the same problem, such as the Ford Motor Company unproductive compared to Japanese and European companied like Volkswagen. Many of the models in this era failed to sell well, either because they were old fashioned or deemed unreliable, the Austin Princess and the Austin Allegro were the only modern cars of this era, the 1300, 1800 and Austin Maxi were all dated. The Princess and Allegro sold well, but were both saloons, the only hatchback the company had was the Maxi, which wasn't a popular car.
The End.
Despite the huge success of the Austin Metro, launched in 1980, there was trouble in the company. In the 1980s Austin sold the most cars in the British Leyland group, however when the company became Austin Rover, a greater emphasis was placed on the more upmarket Rover Name. In 1987 the company began phasing the name out and by 1989 it had been removed from all products.
Revival.
The name now belongs to Nanjing Motor Corporation who have expressed an interest in reviving it. The currently make cars as MG's, however it intends to use this brand name for luxury cars and sports cars. Nanjing does not own the Rover Name, so the Austin name is the most recent it has to use for its main stream mass market cars.
Models.
The companies most famous models were the Austin Seven (1922-39), The Austin A30 (1951-56), the Austin A35 (1956-59), the Austin A55 Cambridge (1954-71),the Austin Mini (1959-2000 but only as an Austin until 1987), the Austin 1800 (1964-75), the Austin 1300 (1967-74), Austin Maxi (1969-81), Austin Allegro (1973-83), Austin Princess/Ambassador (1975-84), Austin Metro (1980-1998 but only as an Austin until 1987), Austin Maestro (1983-94), Austin Montego (1984-94).

ITunes_Essentials_(Maroon_5_album)
iTunes Essentials, "for Maroon 5", was re-released October of 2008 (to put newer songs on the collection). An iTunes Essential is an iTunes collection of several different hits and songs.
Track Listing.
"This is the October of 2008 version of the track list."

Queanbeyan,_New_South_Wales
Queanbeyan is a city in New South Wales, Australia. It is also the local government area called Queanbeyan City Council. It is very close to the Australian federal capital city of Canberra. It is really now a part of the capital city as it is on the Australian Capital Territory border and is only from Canberra's CBD. The border itself is marked by a railway line. The Queanbeyan River flows through Queanbeyan, near the centre of the city.
There are 36,331 people living in Queanbeyan has a population of 36,331.
History.
The town grew from a farm owned by ex-convict inn keeper, Timothy Beard. It was on the banks of the Molonglo River. The original name was "Quinbean" which means "clear waters".
Queanbeyan became a township in 1838. There were about 50 people living there. Some of the important historic buildings still standing were built in the early days. Traces of gold were found in 1851. There were also some lead and silver mines. Settlers were often robbed by bushrangers including John Tennant, Jacky Jacky, Frank Gardiner and Ben Hall. In 1836, the government decided to build a Post Office at Queanbeyan on the "Limestone Plains"

Jean-François_Le_Sueur
Jean-François Le Sueur (or Lesueur) (15 February 1760 — 6 October 1837) was a French composer, best known for his oratorios and operas.
Life.
Jean-François Le Sueur was born in a tiny village called Plessiel, near Abbeville. His great-uncle was the painter Eustache Le Sueur. He started his musical training by singing in the choir at the church of Abbeville, then at the cathedral of Amiens. Le Sueur became chorus master at the cathedral of Sées. He went to Paris to study harmony. His teacher was Abbé Nicolas Roze, chorus master at the church Saints-Innocents. Le Sueur got jobs at Dijon (1779), Le Mans (1782), Tours (1783) and then took over Roze’s job at the Saints-Innocents at Paris. In 1786 he was made music director at the famous church Notre-Dame de Paris.
At Notre Dame he started to use orchestras to play the music for some of the special services. The priests did not like this. Le Sueur replied by writing a little book about music for big religious celebrations. It was a bad time in France financially and the church had to make savings, so Le Sueur could not have his orchestra any more, so he resigned from his job.
Le Sueur spent some time in London, 1788-92, then returned to Paris where the revolution was going on. Three of his operas were performed, and he became professor at the Ecole de la Garde Nationale, and then at the Conservatoire which was very new at the time. There he taught basic music theory. He was unable to get any more operas of his performed. He wrote a book saying how music should be taught in France, and criticizing the Conservatoire and its director. Because of that he lost his job at the Conservatoire.
Le Sueur now had no job and so he was very poor. Then, in 1804, Napoleon made him maître de la chapelle at the Tuileries in the place of Giovanni Paisiello. He was then able to have his most famous work performed at the Opéra. It was called "Ossian ou Les bardes". Napoleon liked it very much and gave Le Sueur the cross of the Légion d'honneur. Le Sueur composed the "Triumphal March" for the coronation of Napoleon. In 1813, he was given a position at the Académie des Beaux-Arts, replacing André Grétry.
At the Bourbon Restoration, he was named composer of the royal chapel and conductor of the orchestra of the Opéra. From the beginning of 1818, he taught composition at the Conservatoire. He stayed there many years. His most famous pupils were Hector Berlioz, Ambroise Thomas and Charles Gounod.

British_Rail_Class_05
The British Rail Class 05 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunters built by Hunslet Engine Company from 1955 to 1961. They were used on the Eastern and Scottish Regions of British Railways. At first they were numbered 11136-11176 and later on were numbered D2550-D2619.

Opéra-Comique
The Opéra-Comique is an opera house and opera company in Paris. Its full name is théâtre national de l’Opéra-Comique ("National Opéra Comic Theatre").
The Opéra-Comique company was started in 1714 to give somewhere to perform French operas. At the time operas throughout Europe were nearly always in Italian. Opéra-comique (literally: Comic opera) was a French tradition. The operas in this tradition were performed with spoken dialogue between the musical numbers. This is why the opera house and company were given that name.
The Opéras-Comiques were more popular and less formal that the traditional Italian operas that were performed at the Académie Royale de Musique. During the three centuries of its existence there have been several changes to it. For a time the Opéra-Comique and the Opéra were organized by the same institution.
The Opéra-Comique put on first performances of many famous operas, especially Bizet's "Carmen" on 3 March 1875 and Debussy's only opera, "Pelléas et Mélisande", on 30 April 1902. Berlioz's "The Damnation of Faust" was also first performed there on 6 December 1846. That first performance was a disaster.
The building in which the Opéra-Comique performs is called the "salle Favart,". It is not the same building as in 1714. Two previous buildings were burnt down in 1838 and 1887. The present building was built in 1898.

British_Rail_Class_16
The North British Type 1 (later known as Class 16) was a type of diesel locomotive ordered under British Railways' 1955 Modernisation Plan. Like other Type 1 designs, they were relatively small locomotives intended primarily for local freight traffic.

British_Rail_Class_27
British Rail's Class 27 was a diesel locomotive built by built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company (BRCW) during 1961 and 1962. They were a development of the earlier Class 26; both were originally classified as the BRCW Type 2. There are 69 locomotives in the class.

Asterids
Asterids are clades and are found in the APG II system.

British_Rail_Class_48
The British Rail Class 48 was a diesel locomotive class which consisted of five examples, built at Brush Falcon Works in Loughborough and delivered between September 1965 and July 1966. They were part of the British Rail Class 47 order, but differed from their classmates by being fitted with a Sulzer V12 12LVA24 power unit producing, as opposed to the standard 12LDA28C twin-bank twelve-cylinder unit of the remaining fleet.

British_Rail_Class_66
The Class 66 locomotive is a development of the Class 59 and used both on British and European railway networks—where it is marketed as EMD Series 66.

Safety_(EP_album)
Safety EP is the debut Extended play album by Rock-Pop band Coldplay. The EP album was released May of 1998 under "Sync City Studios".

British_Rail_Class_80
Class 80 was the TOPS classification allocated by British Rail to the prototype 25 kV AC electric locomotive. This locomotive was built by Metropolitan-Vickers, initially as a prototype Gas turbine-electric locomotive, numbered 18100. British Rail allocated the number E1000 (and later E2001) to the locomotive following its conversion from gas turbine propulsion.

British_Rail_Class_90
The British Rail Class 90 electric locomotives were built by BREL at Crewe from 1987-1990. Each locomotive weighs 84.5 tonnes and has a top speed of. They operate from 25 kV AC overhead wires and produce. The class is employed on both express passenger services and heavy freight trains.

Georg_Michaelis
Georg Michaelis (September 8, 1857 – July 24, 1936) became the first Chancellor of Germany with a non-noble background.

Yeh_Dil_Aap_Ka_Huwa
"Yeh Dil Aap Ka Huwa" (Urdu: یہ دِل آپ کا ہوا) is a 2002 Pakistani Urdu film starring Sana, Moammar Rana and Saleem Sheikh among others. It was directed by Javed Sheikh and ran successfully in theaters across Pakistan. The film's soundtrack composed by Amjad Bobby was a raging success prior to its release.

Don't_Panic_(song)
"Don't Panic!" is a hit single by rock band (formed in 1996) Coldplay. The single was recorded in 1996. Coldplay released the single off the hit studio album called "Parachutes" which was released July 10, 2000.

It_Won't_Be_Soon_Before_Long_(DVD_Edition)
It Won't Be Soon Before Long: DVD Edition is the original music video version (in America) re-released from the original 12 Tracked album released in 2007 by Maroon 5 called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long".
Info.
It Won't Be Soon Before Long: DVD Edition was released in July of 2008. The album has the 12 original tracks from the original version of It Won't Be Soon Before Long" and 6 music videos and live videos.

Ivan_River_(Nireş)
The Ivan River is a tributary of the Nireş River in Romania. This means that it flows into the Nireş River.

Larderello
Larderello is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Pomarance, in Tuscany in central Italy. Larderello is famous for its geothermal productivity.
History.
The region was known from ancient times for its volcanic nature and for the very hot springs. The Romans used its sulphur springs for bathing. In 1827 François de Larderel, a Frenchman, invented a way of extracting boric acid from the volcanic mud by using steam to heat forto separate the two. The town Larderello has the name in honour of Larderel's work The region was the site of a pioneering experiment in the production of energy from geothermal sources in 1904. Prince Piero Ginori Conti tested the first geothermal power generator on 4 July 1904, at the Larderello dry steam field in Italy. It was a small generator that lit four light bulbs. Later, in 1911, the world's first geothermal power plant was built there. In 1911, the world's first geothermal power plant was built in the Valle del Diavolo ("Devil's Valley"), named for the boiling water in the area. Larderello now produces 10% of the world's entire supply of geothermal electricity, amounting to 4,800 GWh per year.

Pârâul_lui_Toderaş
The Pârâul lui Toderaş is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sibiel River.

Horleşti_River
The Horleşti River is a tributary of the Voineşti River in Romania. That means it flows into the Voineşti River.

Durduc_River_(Bahlui)
The Durduc River is a tributary of the Săuzeni River in Romania. That means it flows into the Săuzeni River.

Trolley_pole
A trolley pole is a tapered cylindrical pole of wood or metal, used to transfer electricity from a "live" overhead wire to the control and propulsion equipment of a tram or trolley bus. The use of overhead wire in a system of current collection is reputed to be the 1880 invention of Frank J. Sprague.

Assist_(ice_hockey)
In ice hockey, an assist is when up to two players of the scoring team shoots, passes or deflects the puck towards the scoring teammate, or touched it in any other way which made the goal. This usually means that they "assisted" in the goal. At most, there can only be 2 assists for each goal.

Ciobu_River
The Ciobu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania. That means it flows into the Teleajen River.

Izvoru_River_(Baleia)
The Izvoru River is a tributary of the Baleia River in Romania. This means it flows into the Baleia River.

Lupoiţa_River
The Lupoiţa River is a tributary of the Lupoaia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Lupoaia River.

5129_Groom
5129 Groom (1989 GN) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 07, 1989 by Helin, E. F. at Palomar.

Animator
An animator is an artist who makes drawings for movies. The animator makes many drawings which are called "frames". These are played very quickly, one after another, to create animation. It makes it look as if something is moving.
Animators can work in many areas including movies, television, video games, and the internet. There are many ways of making animations. Animators usually work with other people to form a team. These may be other animators, but can also include layout artists (who design the backgrounds, lighting, and camera angles), storyboard artists (who draw panels of the action from the script), background artists (who paint the "scenery"), voice actors who speak the words, and musicians who make the music.

British_Rail_Class_122
The British Rail Class 122 diesel multiple units were built by Gloucester RC&W in 1958. Twenty single-car driving motor vehicles, called "Bubble Cars", were built, numbered 55000-55019. These were supplemented by ten trailer vehicles, numbered 56290-299 (later renumbered 54290-299).

5006_Teller
5006 Teller (1989 GL5) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 05, 1989 by E. F. Helin at Palomar.

Zăganu_River_(Tâmpa)
The Zăganu River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Tâmpa River.

Christ's_Hospital
Christ's Hospital is a boarding school in Sussex. The school was started in 1552. King Edward VI started it. The headmaster is John Franklin BA MEd Admin. It has 831 students. The school is very big.

Ghighiu_River_(Teleajen)
The Ghighiu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania. That means it flows into the Teleajen River.

Bobu_River_(Teleajen)
The Bobu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania. That means it flows into the Teleajen River.

Chirui_River_(Miletin)
The Chirui River is a tributary of the Râul Putred in Romania. That means it flows into the Râul Putred.

Mariţa_River_(Cerna)
The Mariţa River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cerna River.

Rediu_River_(Bahluieţ)
The Rediu River is a tributary of the Bahluieţ River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bahluieţ River.

Bahluiul_Mic_River
The Bahluiul Mic River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bahlui River.

Sunbury-on-Thames
Sunbury-on-Thames is a town in Surrey, England, UK. It is not far from the border with Greater London. It is where the M3 motorway starts.

Pike_Road,_Alabama
Pike Road is a city in Montgomery County, Alabama, in the United States. As of 2007, the population of the city is 4,570.

Mound,_Minnesota
Mound is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. There were about 9,435 people living in Mound as of the 2000 census.

Piciformes
Piciformes are order of birds contain about 67 living genera with a little over 400 species, of which the Picidae (woodpeckers and relatives) make up about half.

Zolt_River
The Zoltiana River is a tributary of the Zoldiana River in Romania. That means it flows into the Zoldiana River.

Valea_Viilor_River
The Valea Viilor River is a tributary of the Slatina River in Romania. That means it flows into the Slatina River.

Gold_Medal_of_Military_Valor
The Gold Medal of Military Valor (Italian language: "Medaglia d'oro al Valore Militare") is an Italian medal established on 21 May 1793 by King Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia.
During World War I, the medal was awarded to military personnel for exceptional valor in the face of the enemy. After the World War II, the medal was gave to the cities that fought fascism and nazism during the war.

8101_Yasue
8101 Yasue (1993 XK1) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1993 by T. Kobayashi at Oizumi.

Santa_Croce_sull'Arno
Santa Croce sull'Arno is an Italian town located in the province of Pisa, Tuscany. There are about 13,400 residents as of 2005.
Industry.
The city is famous for the tanning industries. In 16.92 square kilometres there are about 400 factories and laboratories.

British_Rail_Class_157
Class 157 was the designation applied to a range of Diesel multiple unit trains of the Sprinter family planned for regional use, in particular for the Strathclyde Passenger Transport Executive. As well as the class number, British Rail reserved carriage numbers in the 526xx and 576xx series for these units.
Unfortunately, as the Privatisation of British Rail began, this project became unviable as resources were concentrated on the privatisation process, leading to the famous 1064-day 'drought' of new train orders. By the time this period was over, plans had moved on and Stratchclyde ended up receiving a batch of Class 170 units.

British_Rail_Class_172
The Class 172 is a planned diesel multiple unit (DMU) of the Turbostar family similar to the Class 168, Class 170 and Class 171.

British_Rail_Class_207
The British Rail Class 207 (or 3D) diesel-electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh in 1962.

Hum_Ek_Hain
"Hum Ek Hain" is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in November 2004. It stars Shaan, Saima, Shamyl Khan, Haidar Sultan. The title was meant to be "786" but the Censor Board Members did not approve of "786" so it was changed to "Hum Ek Hain".

British_Rail_Class_305
The British Rail Class 305 was an alternating current (AC) electric multiple unit (EMU). Under the pre-1973 British Rail numbering system, the class was known as AM5. When TOPS as introduced, the class became Class 305.

British_Rail_Classes_316_and_457
Class 316 and Class 457 were two suggested TOPS classifications. They were given to a single electric multiple unit (EMU) at different stages of its use as a prototype for the Networker series.

3015_Candy
3015 Candy is a main belt asteroid that was found on November 9, 1980 by E. Bowell at Lowell Observatory.

30253_Vitek
is a main belt asteroid that was found on April 30, 2000.

30441_Curly
30441 Curly (2000 MX) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 24, 2000 by J. Broughton at Reedy Creek Observatory.

3025_Higson
3025 Higson (1982 QR) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 20, 1982 by Shoemaker, C. and Shoemaker, E. at Palomar.

1003_Lilofee
1003 Lilofee is an main-belt asteroid. It was found by Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth on September 13, 1923.

4003_Schumann
4003 Schumann (1964 ED) is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 08, 1964 by F. Borngen at Tautenburg.

10111_Fresnel
10111 Fresnel (1992 OO1) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 25, 1992 by E. W. Elst at Caussols.

5001_EMP
5001 EMP (1987 SB1) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 19, 1987 by Bowell, E. at Flagstaff.

10955_Harig
10955 Harig (5011 P-L) is a Main-belt Asteroid.

Honey_to_the_Bee
"Honey to the Bee" is a single by Billie Piper released in 1999. It got to #3 in the UK singles chart. In January 2007, the song was used by Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles as part of an experiment to test out the new British singles chart rules that came into effect that month, which prompted the song to rise up the iTunes music charts, and reached number 17 in the singles chart on 21 January 2007 and number 11 in the download chart.

British_Rail_Class_370
British Rail's Class 370 tilting trains, also referred to as APT-P (meaning Advanced Passenger Train Prototype), were the pre-production Advanced Passenger Train units. Unlike the earlier experimental gas-turbine APT-E unit, these units were powered by 25kV AC overhead electrification and were used on the West Coast Main Line between London Euston and Glasgow Central. The APT-P is the most powerful domestic train to have operated in Britain, the eight traction motors fitted to the two central Motor Cars giving a total output of 8,000 hp. This enabled the train to set the UK rail speed record of 162.2mph in December 1979, a record that stood for 23 years.

Cyberman
The Cybermen are a fictional race of cyborgs in the British television series "Doctor Who". They are one of the greatest and longest enemies of the Doctor. Cybermen were originally humanoids from on Earth's twin planet Mondas. The people of Mondas began to put more and more artificial metal parts into their bodies to keep themselves alive, making them cyborgs. This led to the race starting to think logical and calculating, showing no emotions. The Cybermen also turning other people into cyborgs.
They were created by Dr. Kit Pedler (the unofficial scientific advisor to the programme) and Gerry Davis in 1966, first appearing in the serial, "The Tenth Planet", which was the last to feature William Hartnell as the First Doctor. They have since been in the show a lot.
A parallel universe version of the Cybermen appeared in the 2006 series in the two-part story, "Rise of the Cybermen" and "The Age of Steel" they also appear in Army Of Ghosts and "Doomsday". They also appeared in the spin-off series "Torchwood" in the episode "Cyberwoman". They would later return to the new series in the 2008 Christmas Special "The Next Doctor", introducing two new types of cyberman; the Cyber-Shades and the Cyber-King.
Physical characteristics.
While the Doctor's other old enemies the Daleks did not change during the original series's twenty-six season run, the Cybermen were seen to change with almost every appearance. The Cybermen are humanoid, but have replaced tgheir limbs and other body parts with non-living parts to the point where they don't have many flesh parts. In their first appearance in the series, the only portions of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands, but by their next appearance in "The Moonbase" (1967), their bodies were entirely covered up in their metal suits, with their hands replaced by two finger claws, but changed back to regular five finger hands in "The Invasio" (1968). As there are not many of them, the Cybermen often convert humans to cybermen.
It is assumed(and often implied) that there are still human parts beneath their suits, meaning they are actually cyborgs, not robots: in "The Tenth Planet", a Cyberman tells a group of humans that "our brains are just like yours", although by the time of "Attack of the Cybermen", their brains seem to have been replaced with electronics. In "Earthshock" (1982), the actors' chins were vaguely visible through a clear perspex area on the helmet to suggest some kind of human face. In "The Tomb of the Cybermen" (1967), veins were visible through the circular head of the Cyberman Controller and in "Attack of the Cybermen" (1985) and "The Age of Steel" (2006), the Cyber-Controller's brain is visible through the dome. The first is a Mondas Cyber Controller, while the second is an alternative cyberman. However, in "Revenge of the Cybermen" (1975), the Doctor says they are "total machine creatures".
Although the Cybermen often claim that they have done away with human emotion, they have exhibited emotions ranging from anger to smug satisfaction in their confrontations with the Doctor (although this is only clearly present during their appearances in the 1980s). Some Cybermen in the early stories were even given individual names such as "Krang". Some parallel Earth Cybermen did retain some memories of their pre-conversion lives, although their emotional response varied
This motive behind the removal of emotions is made more clear in "The Age of Steel" where it is done by putting in things that stuff them from feeling emotions. In that episode, the deactivation of their emotional inhibitors drives the converted Cybermen insane when they realise what they have become, killing them. This motive may also be applicable to Mondas Cybermen, given their forcible conversion of other lifeforms to Cybermen to maintain their numbers, despite the fact the Mondasians appear to have originally willingly converted themselves as a survival mechanism.
Cybermen have a number of weaknesses over the years. There biggest weakness is gold. It was not mentioned that they did not liek gold until their attempt to destroy the planetoid Voga (the so-called "Planet of Gold") in "Revenge of the Cybermen" (1975). Initially, it was explained that, becuase it is very hard to grind up, gold chokes their respiratory systems. For example, the However, in later serials, gold appeared to affect them rather like silver affects werewolves, with gold coins or bullets with cold on the edge fired at them having the same effect. The revived series' Cybermen have no weakness to gold.
Costume details.
Nearly all the cyberman costumes were silver in colour and included items and material such as cloth, rubber diving suits, PVC, chest units, tubing, practice golf balls, cricketers' gloves, and silver-painted Doc Martens boots. A BBC Cyberman costume from the black & white era of TV has recently been discovered.
The 1980s design used converted flight suits painted silver. Unlike the Doctor's other enemies, the Cybermen have changed a lot in appearance over the years, looking more and more modern, although retaining certain commonalities of design, the most iconic being the "handle bars" attached to Cybermen heads, that were supposed to aid with their hearing, their round eyeholes and their chest units. Completely black-coloured Cybermen were seen briefly in "Attack of the Cybermen".
The Cybermen returned in episodes 5 and 6 of the 2006 season of the new series, in a two-part story set on an alternate Earth. The new Cybermen were designed by production designer Edward Thomas's team and Neill Gorton at Millennium FX. The new Cyberman design is tall, in a style reminiscent of Art Deco, with their Cybus Corporation logo on their chests and made to look like burnished steel instead of silver. The other big changes in the Cyberman design is that the Cyber-Controller had glowing eyes, a transparent forehead revealing the brain, and sockets on its chest-plate providing connectors to other systems.
Voice.
Early Cybermen had an unsettling, sing-song voice, constructed by chanign their voices slightly on syllables which your voice does not have to be chenged. There mouths opend fulyl and did not move when they were talking they would then shtu as soon as they stoped talking. However they stoped doing this after there first few stories
The voices for the 2006 return of the Cybermen were provided by Nicholas Briggs (who performed the voices for the Cybermen in Big Finish audio stories as well as the Daleks in both the new series and the audio stories). Shown in the season 2 DVD special feature "Confidential Cut Downs," the voice was created by processing Brigg's voice through a voice modulator. The new Cybermen have a blue light in their "mouths" which blinks in synchronisation with their speech.
Cybermats.
The Cybermen also use smaller, cybernetic creatures called "cybermats" to attack. In their first appearance in "The Tomb of the Cybermen", they resembled big metal fish and had segmented bodies with hair sensor probes along the base of their heads, which were topped with eyes. The Second Doctor described them as a "form of metallic life,".
The second model of cybermat seen in "The Wheel in Space" was used for sabotage, able to listen to human brainwaves. They were carried to the "Wheel" in small sacs that sank through the walls of the space station, causing drops in air pressure.
The third model, seen in "Revenge of the Cybermen", was a much larger, snake-like cybermat that could be remotely controlled and could inject poison into its victims.
Games.
On the BBC website, the Cybus Cybermen appear in two online games, Cyber Assault and Save Paris, both depicting the war between the Cybermen and Preachers on the parallel Earth.

(143052)_2002_WY2
143052 (2002 WY2) is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on November 24, 2002 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

Brebina_River_(Bulba)
The Brebina River is a tributary of the Bulba River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bulba River.

Păiuş_River
The Păiuş River is a tributary of the Capra River in Romania. That means it flows into the Capra River.

(163950)_2003_UN22
163950 (2003 UN22) is a Main Belt asteroid that was found on October 23, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

Pământ_Alb_River
The Pământ Alb River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania. That means it flows into the Apa Mare River.

Valea_Porcului_River_(Ilba)
The Valea Porcului River is a tributary of the Ilba River in Romania. That means it flows into the Ilba River.

Limpedea_River_(Firiza)
The Limpedea River is a tributary of the Jidovoaia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jidovoaia River.

Valea_Lătoacei_River
The Valea Lătoacei River is a tributary of the Pârâul lui Ion in Romania. That means it flows into the Pârâul lui Ion.

Jgheabu_Muntelui_River
The Jgheabu Muntelui River is a tributary of the Băţul River in Romania. That means it flows into the Băţul River.

3013_Dobrovoleva
3013 Dobrovoleva (1979 SD7) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 23, 1979 by Chernykh, N. at Nauchnyj.

Greensboro,_Alabama
Greensboro is a city in Hale County, Alabama, United States. At the 2000 census the population was 2,731. The city is the county seat of Hale County. It is part of the Tuscaloosa, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.

20230_Blanchard
20230 Blanchard (1997 XH5) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 6, 1997 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

20268_Racollier
20268 Racollier (1998 FC28) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

12421_Zhenya
12421 Zhenya (1995 UH5) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 16, 1995 by T. V. Kryachko at the Zelenchukskaya Station of the Engelhardt Observatory.

13010_Germantitov
13010 Germantitov (1986 QR5) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 29, 1986 by L. V. Zhuravleva at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.

40457_Williamkuhn
40457 Williamkuhn (1999 RG43) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 4, 1999 by M. Collins and M. White at the OCA-Anza Observatory.

20120_Ryugatake
20120 Ryugatake (1995 WB5) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 24, 1995 by T. Kobayashi at Oizumi.

20187_Janapittichová
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 14, 1997.

Şuia_River
The Şuia River is a tributary of the Olpret River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olpret River.

Oarţa_River
The Oarţa River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sălaj River.

Cârstea_River
The Cârstea River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Putna River.

Selma,_Alabama
Selma is a city in and the county seat of Dallas County, Alabama, United States, located on the banks of the Alabama River. The population was 20,512 at the 2000 census. The city is best known for the Selma to Montgomery marches, three civil rights marches that began in the city.

Sadova,_Suceava
Sadova is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Demăcuşa_River
The Demăcuşa River is a tributary of the Moldoviţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Moldoviţa River.

Pârâul_Cucului
The Pârâul Cucului is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Cheiţa River.

Michael_Howe_(bushranger)
Michael Howe (1787 - October 21, 1818) was a famous bushranger in Tasmania, Australia. He called himself the "Lieutenant Governor of the Woods". He kept a written record of his thoughts in a book he called "The Journal of Dreams".
Early life.
Howe was born in Pontefract, Yorkshire, in 1787. He joined the merchant navy at Hull. After a short while he ran away and joined the Royal Navy. He deserted (left without permission) the navy after two years. He had his own small boat and carried coal. In 1811 Howe was arrested at York and charged with highway robbery. He was sentenced to 7 years in Van Diemen's Land.
Convict.
Howe arrived in Hobart on October 19, 1812, on the convict ship "Indefatigable". He was sent to work for John Ingle, who had once been the Supervisor of Convicts. He was now a farmer and merchant. Howe soon escaped and went into the bush. He joined up with a large group of escaped convicts who had become bushrangers (robbers). The gang of 28 was led by John Whitehead. It included two soldiers (who had deserted) and two aboriginal women.
Bushranger.
The bushrangers robbed a lot of houses and farms around New Norfolk. On April 25, 1815, the gang went to the house of a Mr.Carlisle. Carlisle and his friends went out to stop the gang from stealing a boat. Carlisle was shot dead, and his neighbour, Mr.O'Birne, was badly wounded. O'Birne died a few days later. The gang returned to New Norfolk in May 1815, to rob more houses. They met a group of soldiers and John Whitehead was shot and killed. To claim a reward for killing a bushranger, the body had to be identified. To stop people from claiming a reward for their capture, Howe and Whitehead had made a promise to each other. This would be to cut the head off whoever was killed first so no one would know who it was. As soon as Whitehead was shot, his head was cut off by Howe and hidden in the bush.
Leader of the bushrangers.
After Whitehead's death, Howe became leader of the gang of bushrangers. He set up the gang as if they were on board a ship. Gang members could be punished if they broke the gang's rules. Punishment included having to cut and carry firewood, and even included being lashed (whipped). Howe would read to them from the Bible. He wrote letters to Governor Davey. In 1816 he signed the letters as "Lieutentant Governor of the Woods." In 1817 he began calling himself the "Governor of the Ranges." He was living with an aboriginal woman, called "Black Mary." Members of the gang were known to be James Garry, Peter Septon, George Jones, Richard Colier, John Chapman, Thomas Coyne, James Parker, Mathew Kegan, John Brown and Nenis Curry. The gang continued to rob people at Green Point, Coal River, and Bagdad.
Surrender.
In 1817, Howe wrote to Governor William Sorell and offered to give himself up in return for a free pardon (not be put in gaol for any crimes). He offered to tell the government where all the gang members could be found. He was put into Hobart gaol while he was being questioned about the gang. He escaped while being taken for a walk through Hobart to get fresh air. He went back and rejoined the gang. Governor Lachlan Macquarie in Sydney stopped the pardon, and told Sorell to put more effort in to capture Howe. Sorell offered money, a free pardon and a return to England for anyone that captured Howe.
The gang breaks up.
The hunt for the bushrangers became more organized. John Chapman and a man called Elliot were shot dead by the soldiers in 1817. A gang member called Hillier cut Peter Septon's head off to claim a reward. He also tried to cut off Richard Colier's head. Both men were hurt in the struggle. Hillier was taken to Sydney where he was executed by hanging. Colier was executed in Hobart on March 26, 1818. In April, 1818, a group of convicts tried to steal a government boat. They were going to rescue Howe and take him to America. John Brown, James Parker, Thomas Coyne and Mathew Kegan gave themselves up to the military. They were all taken to Newcastle, New South Wales where they were given the lash (whipped) and sent to gaol.
Captured.
In September 1818, a group came from Sydney to join in the hunt for Howe. They wanted the reward. One member of the group was the famous aboriginal tracker, Mosquito. They nearly caught him. They did get his guns and his knapsack (a backpack). In the knapsack they found his "Journal of Dreams". It was a book made from kangaroo skin and Howe had written in it using kangaroo blood as ink. In it Howe wrote about his fear of being killed by the aborigines, his dreams of his sister, and lists of vegetables and flowers he would grow in a house in the forest. As he escaped, Howe thought Black Mary was slowing him down, so he tried to shoot her.
On October 10, Howe was captured by two people he knew and trusted, Watts and Drewe. He managed to untie himself and stabbed Watts and shot Drewe dead. Watts died later from the injuries. On October 21, 1818, Black Mary led another two men, a convict, Thomas Worrall, and a soldier, William Pugh, to where Howe was hiding near the Shannon River. Worrall had been a sailor who had been sent to Van Diemen's Land for his part in the naval mutiny at the Nore (mouth of the Thames) in 1797. He wanted the reward so he could be free and return to England. All the men shot at each other, but after a fierce fight, Pugh and Worrall bashed Howe to death with their muskets (guns).
Howe was buried by the river, but his head was taken back to Hobart where it was put on public display.
Australian first.
Much of the information comes from a book by Governor Sorell's secretary, Thomas Wells. The book was called "Michael Howe, the Last and Worst of the Bushrangers of Van Diemen's Land" and printed in 1818 in Hobart. This was the first work of general literature printed in Australia.

Clăbucet_River_(Vărbilău)
The Clăbucet River is a headwater of the Vărbilău River in Romania.

Valea_Lacului_Roşu_River
The Valea Lacului Roşu River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania. That means it flows into the Azuga River.

Căşăria_River_(Azuga)
The Căşăria River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania. That means it flows into the Azuga River.

Ardenay-sur-Mérize
Ardenay-sur-Mérize is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Avessé
Avessé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Berfay
Berfay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Bourg-le-Roi
Bourg-le-Roi is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Champfleur
Champfleur is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chemiré-le-Gaudin
Chemiré-le-Gaudin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Commerveil
Commerveil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Coulombiers,_Sarthe
Coulombiers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Crannes-en-Champagne
Crannes-en-Champagne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Dissé-sous-le-Lude
Dissé-sous-le-Lude is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Étival-lès-le-Mans
Étival-lès-le-Mans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Gesnes-le-Gandelin
Gesnes-le-Gandelin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La_Bazoge,_Sarthe
La Bazoge is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La_Chapelle-Saint-Rémy
La Chapelle-Saint-Rémy is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Laigné-en-Belin
Laigné-en-Belin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Le_Grez
Le Grez is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Lombron
Lombron is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Maigné
Maigné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Marolles-les-Braults
Marolles-les-Braults is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Moncé-en-Belin
Moncé-en-Belin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Montreuil-le-Chétif
Montreuil-le-Chétif is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Nogent-le-Bernard
Nogent-le-Bernard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Parennes
Parennes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Poncé-sur-le-Loir
Poncé-sur-le-Loir is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Roézé-sur-Sarthe
Roézé-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sablé-sur-Sarthe
Sablé-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Corneille
Saint-Corneille is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Gervais-de-Vic
Saint-Gervais-de-Vic is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Marceau,_Sarthe
Saint-Marceau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Paterne
Saint-Paterne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Rigomer-des-Bois
Saint-Rigomer-des-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sainte-Sabine-sur-Longève
Sainte-Sabine-sur-Longève is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sillé-le-Philippe
Sillé-le-Philippe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Surfonds
Surfonds is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Thoiré-sur-Dinan
Thoiré-sur-Dinan is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vancé
Vancé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Viré-en-Champagne
Viré-en-Champagne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Angles,_Vendée
Angles is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Beaulieu-sous-la-Roche
Beaulieu-sous-la-Roche is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Boulogne,_Vendée
Boulogne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Challans
Challans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Chavagnes-les-Redoux
Chavagnes-les-Redoux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Falleron
Falleron is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Grues,_Vendée
Grues is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

L'Oie
L'Oie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La_Chaize-le-Vicomte
La Chaize-le-Vicomte is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La_Ferrière,_Vendée
La Ferrière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La_Merlatière
La Merlatière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Lairoux
Lairoux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le_Langon
Le Langon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Les_Essarts,_Vendée
Les Essarts is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Longeville-sur-Mer
Longeville-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Menomblet
Menomblet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mouchamps
Mouchamps is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Noirmoutier-en-l'Île
Noirmoutier-en-l'Île is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Pouillé,_Vendée
Pouillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Aubin-des-Ormeaux
Saint-Aubin-des-Ormeaux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Étienne-du-Bois,_Vendée
Saint-Étienne-du-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez
Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre
Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Maurice-des-Noues
Saint-Maurice-des-Noues is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux,_Vendée
Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Vincent-sur-Jard
Saint-Vincent-sur-Jard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Sallertaine
Sallertaine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Treize-Septiers
Treize-Septiers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Xanton-Chassenon
Xanton-Chassenon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Valea_Iancului_River
The Valea Iancului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania. That means it flows into the Prahova River.

Zeletin_River_(Bâsca_Chiojdului)
The Zeletin River is a tributary of the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bâsca Chiojdului River.

Manole_River_(Bâsca_Chiojdului)
The Manole River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bâsca Chiojdului River.

Nehoiu_River
The Nehoiu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania. That means it flows into the Buzău River.

Siriu_Mic_River
The Siriu Mic River is a headwater of the Siriu River in Romania.

Bradu_River_(Buzău)
The Bradu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania. That means it flows into the Buzău River.

Curmătura_River_(Costeşti)
The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania. That means it flows into the Costeşti River.

Hoiseşti_River
The Hoiseşti River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania. That means it flows into the Bahlui River.

Hueytown,_Alabama
Hueytown is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States and a suburb of Birmingham near Bessemer. At the 2000 census the population was 15,364.

Heflin,_Alabama
Heflin is a city in Cleburne County, Alabama, United States. At the 2000 census the population was 3,002. The city is the county seat of Cleburne County.

Baia
Baia is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Buneşti,_Suceava
Buneşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Coşna
Coşna is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Fântâna_Mare
Fântâna Mare is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Hănţeşti
Hănţeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Mălini
Mălini is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Pârteştii_de_Jos
Pârteştii de Jos is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Satu_Mare,_Suceava
Satu Mare, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Udeşti
Udeşti is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Vultureşti,_Suceava
Vultureşti, Suceava is a commune that can be found in Suceava County, Romania.

Botoşeşti-Paia
Botoşeşti-Paia is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Caraula
Caraula is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Coşoveni
Coşoveni is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Dobroteşti,_Dolj
Dobroteşti, Dolj is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Giubega
Giubega is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Lipovu
Lipovu is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Negoi
Negoi is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Predeşti
Predeşti is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Siliştea_Crucii
Siliştea Crucii is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Verbiţa
Verbiţa is a commune that can be found in Dolj County, Romania.

Alakanuk,_Alaska
Alakanuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska. About 620 people live in Alakanuk.

Atqasuk,_Alaska
Atqasuk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Chuathbaluk,_Alaska
Chuathbaluk, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Dillingham,_Alaska
Dillingham, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Emmonak,_Alaska
Emmonak, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Goodnews_Bay,_Alaska
Goodnews Bay, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Kaltag,_Alaska
Kaltag, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Romain-en-Viennois
Saint-Romain-en-Viennois is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kotzebue,_Alaska
Kotzebue, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Suzette
Suzette is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Vaison-la-Romaine
Vaison-la-Romaine is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Venasque
Venasque is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Noorvik,_Alaska
Noorvik, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Ouzinkie,_Alaska
Ouzinkie, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Port_Lions,_Alaska
Port Lions, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Seward,_Alaska
Seward, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

St._Michael,_Alaska
St. Michael, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Unalaska,_Alaska
Unalaska, Alaska is a city in Alaska.

Ambérieux-en-Dombes
Ambérieux-en-Dombes is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Arbignieu
Arbignieu is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Balan,_Ain
Balan is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Arkadelphia,_Arkansas
Arkadelphia, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Bald_Knob,_Arkansas
Bald Knob, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Billiat
Billiat is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Birieux
Birieux is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Bull_Shoals,_Arkansas
Bull Shoals, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Cherokee_Village,_Arkansas
Cherokee Village, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Boyeux-Saint-Jérôme
Boyeux-Saint-Jérôme is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Ceignes
Ceignes is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Danville,_Arkansas
Danville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Diamond_City,_Arkansas
Diamond City, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Elaine,_Arkansas
Elaine, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Chanoz-Châtenay
Chanoz-Châtenay is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Châtillon-en-Michaille
Châtillon-en-Michaille is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Chevillard,_Ain
Chevillard is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Conand,_Ain
Conand is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Cormaranche-en-Bugey
Cormaranche-en-Bugey is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Flippin,_Arkansas
Flippin, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Cuzieu,_Ain
Cuzieu is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Dompierre-sur-Veyle
Dompierre-sur-Veyle is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Échallon
Échallon is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Farges
Farges is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Géovreissiat
Géovreissiat is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Harrison,_Arkansas
Harrison, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Jacksonville,_Arkansas
Jacksonville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Izieu
Izieu is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Jujurieux
Jujurieux is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Laiz
Laiz is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Le_Montellier
Le Montellier is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lélex
Lélex is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marianna,_Arkansas
Marianna, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Lurcy
Lurcy is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marsonnas
Marsonnas is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mijoux
Mijoux is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Monthieux
Monthieux is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marvell,_Arkansas
Marvell, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Oncieu
Oncieu is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Parcieux
Parcieux is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Peyzieux-sur-Saône
Peyzieux-sur-Saône is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Ola,_Arkansas
Ola, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Pouillat
Pouillat is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Rancé
Rancé is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Paris,_Arkansas
Paris, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Saint-Bénigne
Saint-Bénigne is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne
Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses
Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Jean-sur-Veyle
Saint-Jean-sur-Veyle is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Maurice-de-Beynost
Saint-Maurice-de-Beynost is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pottsville,_Arkansas
Pottsville, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Sainte-Julie,_Ain
Sainte-Julie is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Rogers,_Arkansas
Rogers, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Servignat
Servignat is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sulignat
Sulignat is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Tossiat
Tossiat is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Varambon
Varambon is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sidney,_Arkansas
Sidney, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Villebois
Villebois is a commune. It is found in the region Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Texarkana,_Arkansas
Texarkana, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Viola,_Arkansas
Viola, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

West_Memphis,_Arkansas
West Memphis, Arkansas is a city of the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Polynesian_Rat
The Polynesian Rat, or Pacific Rat ("Rattus exulans"), known to the Māori as kiore, is the third most widespread species of rat in the world behind the Brown Rat and Black rat. The Polynesian Rat originates in Southeast Asia but, like its cousins, has become well travelled - infiltrating most Polynesian islands, New Zealand, Fiji, and even Hawaii.

Ascros
Ascros is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Beuil
Beuil is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Caille
Caille is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes
Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Cuébris
Cuébris is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Gilette
Gilette is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La_Brigue
La Brigue is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Lantosque
Lantosque is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Lieuche
Lieuche is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Opio,_Alpes-Maritimes
Opio, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Revest-les-Roches
Revest-les-Roches is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Antonin,_Alpes-Maritimes
Saint-Antonin, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Martin-d'Entraunes
Saint-Martin-d'Entraunes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Sigale
Sigale is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Tourrette-Levens
Tourrette-Levens is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Vence
Vence is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Alunul_River_(Jiu)
The Alunul River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Sadu River.

Puturosu_River_(Jijia)
The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jijia River.

Optoceni_River
The Optoceni River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania. That means it flows into the Frasin River.

Valea_Ciolpanilor_River
The Valea Ciolpanilor River is a tributary of the Drâslea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Drâslea River.

Găinăria_River
The Găinăria River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Jijia River.

Seaca_River_(Amaradia)
The Seaca River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Amaradia River.

Valea_Gâlceştilor_River
The Valea Gâlceştilor River or Gâlceşti River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania. That means it flows into the Amaradia River.

4016_Sambre
4016 Sambre (1979 XK) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 15, 1979 by H. Debehogne at La Silla.

6458_Nouda
6458 Nouda (1992 TD1) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 2, 1992 by T. Seki at Geisei.

WrestleMania_XIV
WrestleMania XIV was the fourteenth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), which took place on March 29, 1998 at the Fleet Center in Boston, Massachusetts.
Preliminary Matches.
The night began with the secret guests in the tag team battle royal being revealed as the united Legion of Doom, with Sunny. Savio Vega was first eliminated, meaning his tag team partner, Miguel Perez, had to leave too. Kurrgan illegally entered the ring to get revenge on Sniper and Recon for The Jackyl, Barry Windham also illegally entered to eliminate Bradshaw, and so his partner, Chainz, had to leave too. The final four teams stayed in the match for a while until Skull was eliminated by Phineas. When The Godwinns (Phineas & Henry) were thrown out, they returned and attacked the Legion Of Doom with buckets before leaving. New Midnight Express tried to keep Animal out of the ring while double teaming Hawk but once he re-entered the Legion eliminated Bob and Bart at the same time, leaving them the last team standing.
The second bout was a Light Heavyweight Championship match, with Taka Michinoku defending his title against Águila; this would be the first and only time the championship was defended at WrestleMania, though the title that came after it, the WWE Cruiserweight Championship would be. After throwing Taka out the ring and baseball sliding into him, Águila hit an moonsault outside the ring, but was soon hit by a springboard crossbody after Taka reversed a suplex from the end of the ring. Águila almost won the match with a moonsault crossbody into a pin but stayed on the offensive with a frankensteiner. Taka tried to land the Michinoku Driver but as Aguila flipped out and attempted a hurricarana, Takareversed it into a powerbomb. Taka would soon stop Águila from hitting him with a high flying dive with a dropkick before before being able to do a Michinoku Driver and get the win. After the match, they shook hands and celebrated together.
Triple H made his way to the ring with his theme song played by the DX Band. Before Owen Hart came to the ring, Commissioner Slaughter handcuffed himself to Chyna so that she would not get involved in the match, despite her saying that she didn't want to. The match began with Hart attacking Helmsley with his fists before sliding out of the ring, when Triple H tried to jump from the end of the ring he landed on the crowd barrier. After an powerbomb Hart tried to lock in the sharpshooter but Helmsley broke out of it and started some offensive attacks of his own, kicking Hart in the turnbuckle and delivering a suplex. Hart suffered a cut to the bridge of his nose from a boot to the face, after which Triple H began to only attack Hart's damaged ankle, dropping his knee onto it and stretching it. After not getting hit with another kick to the face and pulling Helmsley's crotch onto the ring post, and managed to take advantage, changing a powerbomb into the sharpshooter but Chyna, having to pull Sgt. Slaughter, pulled Triple H to the rope for the break. Chyna then threw white powder in Slaughter's face causing a worried Hart to check on him, as he turned round to face the ring, Chyna low-blowed him from outside allowing Triple H to win the match with the Pedigree. After she was freed from the handcuffs, Chyna shoved Slaughter into the crowd.
Marc Mero and Goldust began the match but Goldust soon tagged in Luna Vachon, requiring Sable to be tagged in too. However, Vachon simple ran around the outside of the ring with Sable chasing her and tagged her partner back in. Wanting to get her hands on Vachon, Sable double teamed Goldust with a boot to the face after an Irish whip from Mero but could not get Vachon to enter the ring. An near pinfall came from a running crossbody from Mero and following this the two ran into each other, causing both men to crawl and tag in the women. Sable straddled Vachon and punched her round the face before kicking her in the mid-section and face in the turnbuckle and attacking Goldust, then running back to clothesline Vachon over the ropes. Vachon tagged Goldust in but before Sable would do the same, she struck him in the face, then letting Mero take over who had his TKO reversed into a DDT. Mero too would reverse the Curtain Call allowing him the chance to try a moonsault pin to a standing Goldust. After Vachon struck a running Mero with his knee, Mero went to punch her but ducked out of the way as Goldust ran to her rescue, causing him to inadvertently knock her off the apron. Mero then executed the TKO but Luna interrupted the pin count, jumping on Mero's back resulting in Sable tagging in as Mero wandered around the ring with Vachon on his back. Sable tried pinning Goldust but the referee was distracted and as he finally began to count, Sable leapt off Goldust so the interfering Vachon would inadvertently bodysplash Goldust. Sable then performed a powerbomb and Mero's TKO to win the bout.
The Intercontinental title fight began along the walkway with a brawl that saw Ken Shamrock whipped into the steel steps before coming inside the ring. Rocky Maivia then delivered his People's Elbow but could not secure a three-count. Shamrock then rolled out of the ring and grabbed steel steps and when the referee tried to take it off him, he threw the referee into the corner; The Rock quickly grabbed the steps and hit Shamrock with it as the referee recovered. Shamrock pushed out of the pin count and quickly gained the advantage, delivering a belly to belly slam off an Irish whip and then securing his ankle lock in the centre of the ring, making The Rock tap. The surrounding members of the Nation jumped into the ring but Shamrock quickly dispatched them all with suplexes, including the four hundred pound Henry, before reapplying the ankle lock to a bleeding Maivia. Faarooq then ran down from the back and jumped onto the apron, only to look on at The Rock with a smile, before walking away. Eventually a number of referees and officials appeared trying to subdue Shamrock, after being surrounded he suplexed a referee and then an official before calming down as The Rock was wheeled away on a guerney. Howard Finkel then announced Shamrock had been disqualified for not breaking his ankle hold causing Shamrock to chase Rock and fight him on the Chris Warren band stage.
The Tag Team Championship match began with Billy Gunn facing Chainsaw Charlie and Road Dogg exchanging blows with Cactus Jack. Trying a Cactus Elbow on Road Dogg, Cactus missed and slammed himself into the dumpster. The Outlaws then focused on Charlie, using a back toss to drop him into the dumpster and as he attempted to climb out they simultaneously slammed the lid shut on the hardcore legends' heads. With Cactus and Charlie both in the dumpster, the Outlaws shut the lid down on them but Cactus managed to get back up while the Outlaws were celebrating and pushed Road Dogg down to the ground with a mandible claw, pulling him into the dumpster. Both teams took time to recover and began to brawl with weapons in the ring, Cactus Jack pulling out a ladder and climbing it opposite Billy Gunn, only to be pushed off straight into the dumpster outside the ring by a falling Chainsaw Charlie. Road Dogg pulled his partner out and the two focussed their efforts on Charlie, powerbombing him into the dumpster, however Cactus had managed to escape in the meantime. The fight found its way to the backstage area, with both Outlaws throwing Cactus into boxes and promotional toys but Jack replied with a chair shot to both of them and pulled Billy Gunn onto a wooden crate with a double-arm DDT. Charlie reappeared on a forklift and elevated the wooden crate as Jack dragged Road Dogg onto it too. Charlie then drove the forklift above a backstage dumpster and dropped both opponents inside as Cactus Jack closed the lid to win the World Tag Team Championship.
Main event matches.
Before The Undertaker's match with Kane, baseball record-holder Pete Rose came to the ring as the special ring announcer. However, after insulting the home-town team and introducing Kane, the wrestler gave him a tombstone piledriver starting a tri-year tradition. The Undertaker was preceded by a league of torch-bearing druids to the tune of O Fortuna. The Undertaker cornered Kane and threw a fury of punches into him, ducking and reversing Kane's attempts until Kane hit him with a clothesline that he instantly sat up from. Kane then set Undertaker up in a tree of woe to begin his assault of punches and Irish whips and then suplexing Undertaker onto the ropes and delivering a flying club to the neck from the turnbuckle. As Undertaker began to fight back, Kane threw him into the ropes but his brother retaliated by jumping onto his back, which was met a face-first electric chair. Paul Bearer kept the referee distracted while Kane landed the steel steps onto Undertaker, and repeated the effort a second time while his opponent was lying onto the steps, crushing him between. As the referee tried to keep Kane in check, Bearer slapped Undertaker while walking past him. Kane caught his brother running and delivered a chokeslam but lifted his shoulders off the mat before the three count could be made, putting him into a sleeper hold that Undertaker eventually fought out of with a flurry of punches. Undertaker then dropped Kane on top of the ropes and punched him off the apron; he followed this with a over the top rope suicide dive that Kane managed to side-step, guiding him through the Spanish announce table. As Undertaker made it back into the ring, Kane hit him with a flying lariat. Undertaker was caught unawares by Kane, who lifted him into a tombstone piledriver position, but Kane managed to weigh himself backwards onto his own feet and deliver the tombstone himself. Undertaker kicked out and after landing his opponent with a clothesline, he chokeslammed Kane and then delivered a tombstone piledriver of his own; it would eventually take three tombstones with a guillotine leg drop and flying clothesline in between to stop Kane kicking out and sitting up but as soon as the match was over Bearer attacked Undertaker and ordered Kane attack him, which he did with a chair shot to the head and then a tombstone piledriver onto the chair. After Kane and Bearer left, Undertaker sat up and left the ring.
With Mike Tyson enforcing from ring side, the WWF Championship fight began with both superstars dancing around each other, engaging in a few light punches before Shawn Michaels escaped the ring and ran back in to take advantage of Steve Austin, but was met with a standing clothesline. Austin followed up by pulling down Michaels' trunks revealing his rear. Michaels tried to run at Austin but was flipped over the top rope into Triple H and Chyna. As Triple H threw Austin through the crowd barrier, the referee ordered him and Chyna to leave ringside but Austin followed and fought with them up to the entrance way. Michaels caught up with him and hit Austin with a cymbal from the bandstage, before Irish whipping him into the dumpster. As the match resumed in the ring, Austin met Michaels high-risk manoeuvre with a clothesline and then ran him into the turnbuckle and picking him up for an inverted atomic drop. Michaels attempt to pick up some momentum saw him picked up and dropped onto the ropes but Michaels managed to push Stone Cold away as he attempted a stunner. When he tried to escape the ring though, Austin shoved him forcing the champion to fall upon the announce table. After Stone Cold slowed the match down with a sleeper, Michaels tried to pull his knee into the ring post but was instead pulled into it himself. Austin then tried to rush at Michaels but was back tossed into the crowd and struck with the ring bell. Michaels used the momentum to take advantage inside the ring, delivering a snapmare and then a low kick to the grounded Austin but as he took time to offend the audience Stone Cold briefly picked up some speed throwing Michaels out of the ring but just as quickly lost ground as his opponent repeatedly worked on Austin's left knee, throwing it into the ring post and then kicking and dropping onto it back inside the ring. When Austin tried to recover outside of the ring, he was met with a baseball slide launching him over the announce table and was instantly thrown back into the ring by Tyson where he soon suffered a figure four leg lock that Michaels illegally elevated using the second and third ring rope. Austin's eventual counter was stopped by a rope break. Austin then tried to reverse a standing sleeper hold by throwing Michaels back into the turnbuckle but unwittingly trapped referee Mike Chioda who fell unconscious. With both men on the floor, HBK recovered with a kip-up and landed a high-flying elbow drop, getting in position to taunt for his finisher. As Austin eventually stood up, he ducked the super kick, attempting a stunner on Michaels as he turned round only to be thrown into the ropes and met again with a Sweet Chin Music which he grabbed, spinning Michaels round and finishing with a Stone Cold stunner. Tyson jumped into the ring to make a quick three count and the new champion celebrated by tossing the enforcer an Austin 3:16 t-shirt. When Shawn Michaels stood up, he confronted Tyson about his turn but was met with a punch that instantly floored him, and draped with Austin t-shirt.

Reghiu_River
The Reghiu River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania. That means it flows into the Milcov River.

Amor_asteroid
An amor asteroid is a group of asteroids found near Earth that were named after 1221 Amor. While some other kinds of asteroids cross over Mars's and Earth's orbits, nearly all of the amor asteroids do not. The best known amor asteroid is 433 Eros. It was circled around and landed upon by the NEAR Shoemaker. About 1,200 of all the asteroids in space are amor asteroids, with about 200 of them numbered, or given a number. Only 50 amor asteroids are named.

7067_Kiyose
7067 Kiyose (1993 XE) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1993 by M. Hirasawa and S. Suzuki at Nyukasa.

Kazuyoshi_Miura
Kazuyoshi Miura (born 26 February, 1967) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Yokohama.

J._League_Division_1_1996
Statistics of J. League Division 1 in season 1996.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Kashima Antlers won the championship.

J._League_Division_1_2005
Statistics of J. League Division 1 in season 2005.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Gamba Osaka won the championship.

J._League_Division_2_2003
Statistics of J. League Division 2 in season 2003.
Overview.
It was contested by 12 teams, and Albirex Niigata won the championship.

Japan_Soccer_League_1968
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1968.
Overview.
It was contested by 8 teams, and Toyo Industries won the championship.

Japan_Soccer_League_1978
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1978.
Overview.
It was contested by 10 teams, and Mitsubishi Motors won the championship.
Overview.
It was contested by 10 teams, and Honda won the championship.

Japan_Soccer_League_1988-89
Statistics of Japan Soccer League in season 1988/1989.
Overview.
It was contested by 12 teams, and Nissan Motors won the championship.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Toshiba won the championship.

Japan_Football_League_1999
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 1999.
Overview.
It was contested by 9 teams, and Yokohama won the championship.

Japan_Football_League_2009
Statistics of Japan Football League in season 2009.

Sanfrecce_Hiroshima
Sanfrecce Hiroshima is a football club which plays in Japan.

Albirex_Niigata
Albirex Niigata is a football club which plays in Japan.

Italian_Football_Championship_1914-15
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1914/1915.
Overview.
It was contested by 51 teams, and Genoa won the championship.
Final Group.
The tournament was suspended due to the war.
Final Round.
The tournament was suspended due to the war.
Final.
Genoa won the championship.

Professional_wrestling_promotion
A professional wrestling promotion (also federation or fed) is a company or business that performs regular shows involving professional wrestling. 'Promotion' also describes a role which involves management, advertising and planing of running a wrestling event ("see promoter").
Currently, the major wrestling organizations in North America are World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) (all based in the United States), and the Mexican lucha libre promotions Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre and Asistencia Asesoría y Administración. There are federations all around Europe and in Japan, South America, Puerto Rico, Australia, New Zealand and the rest of the Caribbean.
There are also a number of small independent wrestling organizations that are upstarts or the creations of former wrestlers from the bigger promotions. Some of the smaller organizations include Ring of Honor, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, Border City Wrestling, Combat Zone Wrestling, and Ohio Valley Wrestling.
Structure.
Most promotions are organized around one or more championship titles and do not acknowledge or recognize the legitimacy of other promotions' titles. Others, such as the NWA, act as an umbrella organization which governs titles that are shared among multiple promotions.
Major promotions have a permanent roster of talent under contract to them, meaning they can only perform for them, in other words an "exclusive contract". Independent promotions may have contracted workers but are just as likely to utilize free agents who are not under exclusive contract with any promotion. Some wrestlers may work in several independent promotions at the same time.
In the United States and Canada, the typical business cycle consists of "standard" shows held at regular times (weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, etc.) which build up to a more expensive supercard event. This cycle lasts anywhere from four to twelve weeks. For smaller groups, supercards may only be held a few times a year. For larger groups such as WWE, the regular shows (referred to as "standard shows" from now on) are broadcast on television weekly (semi-weekly in the last boom period, currently weekly with shows like "Raw", "ECW" and "SmackDown") and the supercards on pay-per-view monthly (like WrestleMania and SummerSlam).

70179_Beppechiara
70179 Beppechiara (1999 QQ1) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 21, 1999 by S. Sposetti at Gnosca.

7007_Timjull
7007 Timjull (1981 EK34) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 2, 1981 by S. J. Bus at Siding Spring Observatory.

20024_Mayrémartínez
is a main belt asteroid that was found on January 30, 1992.

11580_Bautzen
11580 Bautzen (1994 JG4) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 3, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

11494_Hibiki
11494 Hibiki (1988 VM9) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1988 by M. Yanai and K. Watanabe at Kitami.

11446_Betankur
11446 Betankur (1978 TO8) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 9, 1978 by L. V. Zhuravleva at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.

6186_Zenon
6186 Zenon (1988 CC2) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 11, 1988 by E. W. Elst at La Silla.

17508_Takumadan
17508 Takumadan (1992 JH) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 3, 1992 by T. Seki at Geisei.

Indiana_University_of_Pennsylvania
Indiana University of Pennsylvania (or IUP) is a public university located in the borough of Indiana, Pennsylvania, USA, northeast of Pittsburgh. It is the largest university in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (PaSSHE) and is the state's fifth largest university. It is governed by a local Council of Trustees and the Board of Governors of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education. IUP has branch campuses at Punxsutawney, Northpointe, and Monroeville.

Rockville,_Maryland
Rockville is the county seat of Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. According to the 2007 census update, the city had a total population of 58,706, making it the third largest city in Maryland.

Lava_Records
Lava Records is an American record label that is owned by Warner Music Group.

21089_Mochizuki
21089 Mochizuki (1992 CQ) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 8, 1992 by T. Seki at Geisei.

Access_control
Access control is the ability to allow or deny the use of a certain object by a certain person or entity. Access control machine can be used in managing physical objects (such as a movie theater, to which only people with tickets are allowed in) or digital objects (for example, a private text document on a computer, which only certain users should be able to read).

Common_Desktop_Environment
The Common Desktop Environment (CDE) is a desktop environment for Unix. It is based on the Motif widget toolkit. HP uses CDE as the default desktop manager for OpenVMS which belongs to HP. This means it will be run without making any changes.

Colombian_Professional_Football_2006
Statistics of Colombian Professional Football in season 2006.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Deportivo Pasto won the championship.
Final.
Deportivo Pasto won the championship.
Overview.
It was performed in 18 teams, and Cúcuta Deportivo won the championship.
Final.
Cúcuta Deportivo won the championship.

Italian_Football_Championship_1926-27
Statistics of Italian Football Championship in season 1926/1927.
Overview.
It was contested by 20 teams, and Torino won the championship. But Torino stripped of title.

Serie_A_1936-37
Statistics of Serie A in season 1936/1937.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Bologna won the championship.

Serie_A_1947-48
Statistics of Serie A in season 1947/1948.
Overview.
It was contested by 21 teams, and Torino won the championship.

Serie_A_1965-66
Statistics of Serie A in season 1965/1966.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Internazionale Milano won the championship.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1971-72
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1971/1972.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and Waterford won the championship.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1984-85
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1984/1985.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Shamrock Rovers won the championship.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_1994-95
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 1994/1995.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and Dundalk won the championship.

Football_League_of_Ireland_Premier_Division_2004
Statistics of Football League of Ireland Premier Division in season 2004.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Shelbourne won the championship.

Prva_HNL_1992
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 1992.
Overview.
It was contested by 12 teams, and Hajduk Split won the championship.

Prva_HNL_2001-02
Statistics of Prva HNL in season 2001/2002.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Zagreb won the championship.

A-League_2006-07
Statistics of A-League in season 2006/2007.
Overview.
It was contested by 8 teams, and Melbourne Victory won the championship.
Grand Final.
Melbourne Victory won the championship.

Eredivisie_1963-64
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1963/1964.
Overview.
It was contested by 16 teams, and Door Wilskracht Sterk won the championship.

Eredivisie_1973-74
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1973/1974.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Feyenoord Rotterdam won the championship.

Eredivisie_1983-84
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1983/1984.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Feyenoord Rotterdam won the championship.

Eredivisie_1993-94
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 1993/1994.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Ajax won the championship.

Eredivisie_2003-04
Statistics of Eredivisie in season 2003/2004.
Overview.
It was contested by 18 teams, and Ajax won the championship.

North_American_Soccer_League_1971
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1971.
Overview.
It was contested by 8 teams, and Dallas Tornado won the championship.
Final.
Dallas Tornado won the championship.

North_American_Soccer_League_1981
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1981.
Overview.
It was contested by 21 teams, and Chicago Sting won the championship.
Final.
Chicago Sting won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1915-16
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1915/1916.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Rapid Wien won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1925-26
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1925/1926.
Overview.
It was performed in 13 teams, and Wiener Amateur won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1934-35
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1934/1935.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and Rapid Wien won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1944-45
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1944/1945.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Rapid Wien won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1954-55
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1954/1955.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and First Vienna won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1964-65
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1964/1965.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and Linzer ASK won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1974-75
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1974/1975.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Swarovski Wattens/Wacker Innsbruck won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1984-85
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1984/1985.
Overview.
It was performed in 16 teams, and Austria Wien won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_1994-95
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 1994/1995.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Austria Salzburg won the championship.

Austrian_Bundesliga_2004-05
Statistics of Austrian Bundesliga in season 2004/2005.
Overview.
It was performed in 10 teams, and Rapid Wien won the championship.

Megamouth_shark
The Megamouth shark is a large, slow-swimming, timid shark that was only discovered in 1976. Only 14 examples of this rare species have ever been found, mostly in the Pacific Ocean. Off the coast of Indonesia, three Sperm whales were observed attacking a Megamouth shark (the 13th observed megamouth).
Diet.
The Megamouth shark filter-feeds, eating tiny organisms, including zooplankton (like tiny crustaceans) and phytoplankton. It feeds near the suface at night (it is nocturnal), but each day it descends to a depth of 650 ft (200 m).

12008_Kandrup
12008 Kandrup (1996 TY9) is a Mars-crossing asteroid that was found on October 11, 1996 by T. B. Spahr at Catalina.

11524_Pleyel
11524 Pleyel (1991 PY2) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 2, 1991 by E. W. Elst at the European Southern Observatory.

Ferruccio_Busoni
Ferruccio Busoni (born 1 April; died 27 July 1924) was an Italian composer, pianist, teacher and conductor.
His life.
Ferruccio Busoni was born in Empoli in Tuscany in Italy. His parents were both musicians. His father played the clarinet and his mother played the piano. They were often touring when Ferruccio was young. He spent most of his childhood in Trieste.
Busoni was a child prodigy. He first played the piano in public at the age of seven. Two years later he played some of his own compositions in Vienna. The composer Franz Liszt heard him. He also met Liszt, Johannes Brahms and Anton Rubinstein.
For a short time he studied in Graz, then in Leipzig. He taught in several places including Helsinki, where he met Jean Sibelius as well as a young lady was to be his wife. In 1890 he won the Anton Rubinstein Competition with his Concert Piece for Piano and Orchestra. He taught in Moscow in 1890, and in the United States from 1891 to 1894 where he also toured as a virtuoso pianist.
In 1894 he went to Berlin where he stayed. He performed as a pianist and conductor and taught many gifted pianists.
He wrote a book called "Sketch of a New Aesthetic of Music". He did not agree with the strict rules that were used by most teachers for teaching composition. He thought that music was "born to be free". His thinking influenced his composition pupils who included Percy Grainger, Kurt Weill and Edgard Varèse.
During World War I, Busoni lived first in Bologna, where he was director of the conservatory, and later in Zürich. He refused to perform in any countries that were involved in the war. He returned to Berlin in 1920 where he gave master classes in composition.
Busoni died in Berlin from a kidney disease.
Music.
Busoni's music is based on the Romantic style, but it also starts to sound quite modern. He uses a lot of complicatedcounterpoint. Sometimes it is quite atonal. A lot of it is based on music of the past. He made many transcriptions, including piano transcriptions of several works by Johann Sebastian Bach.
Busoni was a virtuoso pianist, and his works for piano are difficult to perform. His "Piano Concerto" is extremely hard to play as well as being extremely long (about 70 minutes). The British pianist John Ogdon, who played it, called it "the longest and grandest piano concerto of all".
Some of his best known works include his suite for orchestra "Turandot" which he made into an opera, and his opera "Doktor Faust" which he had not finished when he died. It was finished by his student Philipp Jarnach, but in the 1980s Anthony Beaumont made a better version of it.
Recordings.
Busoni made a number of piano rolls, and a small number of these have been re-recorded onto CD. People who knew him disagree about whether these piano roll recordings show his playing at his best.

10778_Marcks
10778 Marcks (1991 GN10) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 9, 1991 by F. Borngen at Tautenburg.

10004_Igormakarov
10004 Igormakarov (1975 VV2) is a Main-belt Asteroid discovered on November 2, 1975 by T. M. Smirnova at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.

17002_Kouzel
17002 Kouzel (1999 CV54) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 10, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Abitain
Abitain is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ainhoa,_Pyrénées-Atlantiques
Ainhoa, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Anglet
Anglet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arbouet-Sussaute
Arbouet-Sussaute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arhansus
Arhansus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arrosès
Arrosès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ascarat
Ascarat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Auga
Auga is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast
Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Barraute-Camu
Barraute-Camu is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bergouey-Viellenave
Bergouey-Viellenave is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bidart
Bidart is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bonnut
Bonnut is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bourdettes
Bourdettes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bustince-Iriberry
Bustince-Iriberry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bétracq
Bétracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Casteide-Cami
Casteide-Cami is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castéra-Loubix
Castéra-Loubix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Coarraze
Coarraze is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Dognen
Dognen is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Eslourenties-Daban
Eslourenties-Daban is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Etcharry
Etcharry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Garindein
Garindein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Geüs-d'Oloron
Geüs-d'Oloron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Géronce
Géronce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Hosta,_Pyrénées-Atlantiques
Hosta, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Irouléguy
Irouléguy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Juxue
Juxue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Labeyrie,_Pyrénées-Atlantiques
Labeyrie, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lahontan,_Pyrénées-Atlantiques
Lahontan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Laroin
Laroin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lasseubetat
Lasseubetat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lespourcy
Lespourcy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lonçon
Lonçon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lucgarier
Lucgarier is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Macaye
Macaye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mazères-Lezons
Mazères-Lezons is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Momy
Momy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Montagut,_Pyrénées-Atlantiques
Montagut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Moumour
Moumour is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Navarrenx
Navarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Orion,_Pyrénées-Atlantiques
Orion, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ossès
Ossès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Peyrelongue-Abos
Peyrelongue-Abos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Pouliacq
Pouliacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Rontignon
Rontignon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Girons-en-Béarn
Saint-Girons-en-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Martin-d'Arberoue
Saint-Martin-d'Arberoue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sainte-Colome
Sainte-Colome is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saubole
Saubole is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Serres-Castet
Serres-Castet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Séby
Séby is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Trois-Villes
Trois-Villes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ustaritz
Ustaritz is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Villefranque,_Pyrénées-Atlantiques
Villefranque, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

WrestleMania_2000
WrestleMania 2000 was the sixteenth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It happened on April 2, 2000 at the Arrowhead Pond arena in Anaheim, California. This WrestleMania is different from others, because it is the only WrestleMania not to feature at least one standard one on one wrestling match. It is also the only WrestleMania to use the year in it's name.

Halo_(Beyoncé_Knowles)
"Halo" is a song by American Contemporary R&B singer Beyoncé Knowles. It was written by Ryan Tedder, Evan Bogart and Knowles for her third studio album, "I Am... Sasha Fierce". The song will be released in January 2009 as the album's fourth single. Even before its official release the song debuted on the "Billboard" Pop 100 at number 87.
Background.
Ryan Tedder wrote the song for Leona Lewis to sing. However, in an interview, Leona Lewis stated that she did not have the time to record the track for her album and felt that it better suited Beyoncé.
The video premiered exclusively on iTunes on December 23, simultaneously with the music video for "Diva".
Music video.
The music video was shot in late November and directed by Philip Andelman. It features actor Michael Ealy as Knowles' love interest and is the first video from the album to be shot fully in colour. The song was cut to be shorter for the music video and only part of the song is actually sung by Beyoncé while during other times it is just the music playing in the background while the video progresses.
The video begins with Beyoncé up against a wall with a window behind her with light shinning. As the video progresses the scenes vary in different parts of the house were one scene is Beyoncé dancing to some chorography in a leotard with her love interest looking down at her from a balcony. During the climax Beyoncé is seen underwater in white clothing and when the chorus begins, Beyoncé opens her eyes. The last scene is played with Beyoncé lying down with Michael Ealy above her and only there faces are shot for the scene as Beyoncé sing's out the rest of the song.

Third_Punic_War
The Third Punic War (149 BC to 146 BC) was the third and last of the Punic Wars It was fought between the former Phoenician colony of Carthage, and the Roman Republic. The Punic Wars were named because of the Roman name for Carthaginians: "Punici", or "Poenici".
The war was a much smaller engagement than the two previous Punic Wars and primarily consisted of a single main action, the Battle of Carthage, but resulted in the complete destruction of the city of Carthage, the annexation of all remaining Carthaginian territory by Rome, and the death or enslavement of the entire Carthaginian population. The Third Punic War ended Carthage's independent existence.

Bridgeport,_Connecticut
Bridgeport, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.

Norwalk,_Connecticut
Norwalk, Connecticut is a city of Connecticut in the United States.

Milford,_Delaware
Milford, Delaware is a city of Delaware in the United States.

Apopka,_Florida
Apopka, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Yellow-banded_poison_dart_frog
The Yellow-banded poison dart frog (also known as yellow-headed poison dart frog and bumblebee poison frog), "Dendrobates leucomelas", is a poison dart frog found in the northern part of South America in Venezuela, Guyana and Brazil.

Boynton_Beach,_Florida
Boynton Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Cape_Coral,_Florida
Cape Coral, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Cocoa,_Florida
Cocoa, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Dania_Beach,_Florida
Dania Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Destin,_Florida
Destin, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Fellsmere,_Florida
Fellsmere, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Cache_coherence
A cache can be used to improve the performance of accessing a given resource. When there are several such caches for the same resource, as shown in the picture, this can lead to problems. Cache coherence or Cache coherency refers to a number of ways to make sure all the caches of the resource have the same data, and that the data in the caches makes sense (called "data integrity"). Cache coherence is a special case of memory coherence.
There may be problems if there are many caches of a common memory resource, as data in the cache may no longer make sense, or one cache may no longer have the same data as the others. A common case where the problem occurs is the cache of CPUs in a multiprocessing system. As can be seen in the figure, if the top client has a copy of a memory block from a previous read and the bottom client changes that memory block, the top client could be left with an invalid cache of memory,without knowing. Cache coherence is there to manage such conflicts and maintain consistency between cache and memory.
Definition.
These conditions are defined supposing that the read and write operations are made instantaneously. However, this doesn't happen in computer hardware because of memory latency and other aspects of the architecture. A write by processor X may not be seen by a read from processor Y if the read is made within a very small time after the write has been made. The memory consistency model defines when a written value must be seen by a following read instruction made by the other processors.
Cache coherence mechanisms.
Distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms so that they can maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems.
The two most common types of coherence that are typically studied are Snooping and Directory-based. Each has its own benefits and drawbacks. Snooping protocols tend to be faster, if enough bandwidth is available, since all transactions are a request/response seen by all processors. The drawback is that snooping isn't scalable. Every request must be broadcast to all nodes in a system. As the system gets larger, the size of the (logical or physical) bus and the bandwidth it provides must grow. Directories, on the other hand, tend to have longer latencies (with a 3 hop request/forward/respond) but use much less bandwidth since messages are point to point and not broadcast. For this reason, many of the larger systems (>64 processors) use this type of cache coherence.

Hawthorne,_Florida
Hawthorne, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Indian_Harbour_Beach,_Florida
Indian Harbour Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

La_Belle,_Florida
La Belle, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Largo,_Florida
Largo, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Lynn_Haven,_Florida
Lynn Haven, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Mascotte,_Florida
Mascotte, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Monticello,_Florida
Monticello, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

North_Bay_Village,_Florida
North Bay Village, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Okeechobee,_Florida
Okeechobee, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Palm_Beach_Gardens,_Florida
Palm Beach Gardens, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Pinellas_Park,_Florida
Pinellas Park, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Riviera_Beach,_Florida
Riviera Beach, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Sopchoppy,_Florida
Sopchoppy, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Starke,_Florida
Starke, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Trenton,_Florida
Trenton, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

West_Melbourne,_Florida
West Melbourne, Florida is a city of Florida in the United States.

Winter_Haven,_Florida
Winter Haven is a city of Florida in the United States.

Code-switching
Code-switching is where a person mixes more than one language or lect when they talk.

Shoot_(professional_wrestling)
A Shoot is something in professional wrestling that is completely real and is not scripted. In other words, broken kayfabe. A shoot rarely happens.
Worked shoot.
On the scripted level, a Worked shoot is a scripted segment that takes place in a show with elements of reality being exposed, such as an off-screen incident between wrestlers being used as fuel for an on-screen rivalry between them. It can also be a segment that fans are meant to believe is a shoot, but is not.

Niels_Ryberg_Finsen
Niels Ryberg Finsen (December 15, 1860 - September 24, 1904) was an Danish doctor. He won the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for treating lupus vulgaris (tuberculosis of the skin), with light radiation..

Ilya_Ilyich_Mechnikov
Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov (May 16, 1845 - July 16, 1916) was a Russian biologist. He won the 1908 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Paul Ehrlich, for finding out how immunity fights disease".

Athol,_Idaho
Athol, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Bruneau,_Idaho
Bruneau, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Chubbuck,_Idaho
Chubbuck, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Culdesac,_Idaho
Culdesac, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Drummond,_Idaho
Drummond, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Fernwood,_Idaho
Fernwood, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Grace,_Idaho
Grace, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Hayden_Lake,_Idaho
Hayden Lake, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Emil_Theodor_Kocher
Emil Theodor Kocher (August 25, 1841 - July 27, 1917) was a Swiss doctor. He won the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on the thyroid gland"

Jules_Bordet
Jules Bordet (June 13, 1870 - April 6, 1961) was a Belgian doctor. He won the 1919 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his discoveries about immunity.

Yapen
Yapen (also Japen, Jobi) is an island of western New Guinea, Indonesia.

Toph
Toph Bei Fong is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series '. The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. Toph is voiced by Jessie Flower.

Aisonville-et-Bernoville
Aisonville-et-Bernoville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Andelain
Andelain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Artonges
Artonges is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Augy,_Aisne
Augy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Barenton-sur-Serre
Barenton-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Beaurieux,_Aisne
Beaurieux, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Berlancourt,_Aisne
Berlancourt, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Besmont
Besmont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Blanzy-lès-Fismes
Blanzy-lès-Fismes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bouconville-Vauclair
Bouconville-Vauclair is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Brasles
Brasles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Brumetz
Brumetz is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Buire
Buire is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Castres,_Aisne
Castres, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chacrise
Chacrise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chassemy
Chassemy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chevresis-Monceau
Chevresis-Monceau is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chéry-Chartreuve
Chéry-Chartreuve is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Clairfontaine
Clairfontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Condren
Condren is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Coucy-lès-Eppes
Coucy-lès-Eppes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Courtrizy-et-Fussigny
Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Crupilly
Crupilly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cuiry-lès-Iviers
Cuiry-lès-Iviers is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Danizy
Danizy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Douchy,_Aisne
Douchy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Essigny-le-Grand
Essigny-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fieulaine
Fieulaine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fontaine-lès-Clercs
Fontaine-lès-Clercs is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fresnes,_Aisne
Fresnes, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gercy
Gercy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Goussancourt
Goussancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Grugies
Grugies is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Hargicourt,_Aisne
Hargicourt, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Homblières
Homblières is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Jouaignes
Jouaignes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La_Chapelle-Monthodon
La Chapelle-Monthodon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La_Neuville-Housset
La Neuville-Housset is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lanchy
Lanchy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Launoy,_Aisne
Launoy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Le_Thuel
Le Thuel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lesquielles-Saint-Germain
Lesquielles-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Limé
Limé is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lugny,_Aisne
Lugny, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Manicamp
Manicamp is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marizy-Saint-Mard
Marizy-Saint-Mard is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mennevret
Mennevret is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Molain,_Aisne
Molain, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mont-Notre-Dame
Mont-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montescourt-Lizerolles
Montescourt-Lizerolles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montigny-le-Franc
Montigny-le-Franc is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mortefontaine,_Aisne
Mortefontaine, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nampcelles-la-Cour
Nampcelles-la-Cour is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Neuville-Saint-Amand
Neuville-Saint-Amand is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nouvion-le-Comte
Nouvion-le-Comte is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Omissy
Omissy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Paars
Paars is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pargny-les-Bois
Pargny-les-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pierrepont,_Aisne
Pierrepont, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pont-Saint-Mard
Pont-Saint-Mard is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Proisy
Proisy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Quincy-sous-le-Mont
Quincy-sous-le-Mont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Retheuil
Retheuil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ronchères,_Aisne
Ronchères, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rozoy-sur-Serre
Rozoy-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Clément,_Aisne
Saint-Clément, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Paul-aux-Bois
Saint-Paul-aux-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sainte-Geneviève,_Aisne
Sainte-Geneviève, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Septvaux
Septvaux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Silly-la-Poterie
Silly-la-Poterie is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sorbais
Sorbais is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Tergnier
Tergnier is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Troësnes
Troësnes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Variscourt
Variscourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vauxcéré
Vauxcéré is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vermand
Vermand is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Viel-Arcy
Viel-Arcy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villeret,_Aisne
Villeret, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vincy-Reuil-et-Magny
Vincy-Reuil-et-Magny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vénérolles
Vénérolles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Éparcy
Éparcy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Évergnicourt
Évergnicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Island_Park,_Idaho
Island Park, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Kuna,_Idaho
Kuna, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

McCall,_Idaho
McCall, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Moscow,_Idaho
Moscow, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Newdale,_Idaho
Newdale, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Orofino,_Idaho
Orofino, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Agny
Agny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Alembon
Alembon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Amplier
Amplier is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Arques,_Pas-de-Calais
Arques, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Auchy-les-Mines
Auchy-les-Mines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Peck,_Idaho
Peck, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Plummer,_Idaho
Plummer, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Bailleul-aux-Cornailles
Bailleul-aux-Cornailles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Potlatch,_Idaho
Potlatch, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Barly,_Pas-de-Calais
Barly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Beaulencourt
Beaulencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rockland,_Idaho
Rockland, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Shoshone,_Idaho
Shoshone, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Bermicourt
Bermicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

St._Maries,_Idaho
St. Maries, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Biefvillers-lès-Bapaume
Biefvillers-lès-Bapaume is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Swan_Valley,_Idaho
Swan Valley, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Troy,_Idaho
Troy, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Bois-Bernard
Bois-Bernard is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boubers-lès-Hesmond
Boubers-lès-Hesmond is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boursin
Boursin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Weippe,_Idaho
Weippe, Idaho is a city of Idaho in the United States.

Buire-au-Bois
Buire-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Busnes
Busnes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Caffiers
Caffiers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Campagne-lès-Guines
Campagne-lès-Guines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Carency
Carency is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Chérisy
Chérisy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Condette
Condette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Coulomby
Coulomby is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Croisilles,_Pas-de-Calais
Croisilles, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Denier,_Pas-de-Calais
Denier, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Douvrin
Douvrin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Enguinegatte
Enguinegatte is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Essars
Essars is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fauquembergues
Fauquembergues is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fillièvres
Fillièvres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fontaine-lès-Hermans
Fontaine-lès-Hermans is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen
Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Galametz
Galametz is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gommecourt,_Pas-de-Calais
Gommecourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Grand-Rullecourt
Grand-Rullecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Guisy
Guisy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hamblain-les-Prés
Hamblain-les-Prés is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Haute-Avesnes
Haute-Avesnes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Herlin-le-Sec
Herlin-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hesdigneul-lès-Boulogne
Hesdigneul-lès-Boulogne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hocquinghen
Hocquinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Humbercamps
Humbercamps is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hézecques
Hézecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Journy
Journy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Labeuvrière
Labeuvrière is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lattre-Saint-Quentin
Lattre-Saint-Quentin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le_Wast
Le Wast is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Leubringhen
Leubringhen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ligny-lès-Aire
Ligny-lès-Aire is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Loison-sur-Créquoise
Loison-sur-Créquoise is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lugy
Lugy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maizières,_Pas-de-Calais
Maizières, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maresquel-Ecquemicourt
Maresquel-Ecquemicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Matringhem
Matringhem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Meurchin
Meurchin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mondicourt
Mondicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Morval
Morval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neufchâtel-Hardelot
Neufchâtel-Hardelot is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nielles-lès-Bléquin
Nielles-lès-Bléquin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noyelles-lès-Humières
Noyelles-lès-Humières is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Oblinghem
Oblinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Outreau
Outreau is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Peuplingues
Peuplingues is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pont-à-Vendin
Pont-à-Vendin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Questrecques
Questrecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ransart
Ransart is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Regnauville
Regnauville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rivière,_Pas-de-Calais
Rivière, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rouvroy,_Pas-de-Calais
Rouvroy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rémy
Rémy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sains-lès-Pernes
Sains-lès-Pernes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Laurent-Blangy
Saint-Laurent-Blangy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Nicolas,_Pas-de-Calais
Saint-Nicolas, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sainte-Marie-Kerque
Sainte-Marie-Kerque is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sauchy-Lestrée
Sauchy-Lestrée is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Serques
Serques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Surques
Surques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Thélus
Thélus is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Torcy,_Pas-de-Calais
Torcy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Valhuon
Valhuon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vermelles
Vermelles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Villers-au-Bois
Villers-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Waben
Waben is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Warlencourt-Eaucourt
Warlencourt-Eaucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wierre-au-Bois
Wierre-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wissant
Wissant is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Écoivres
Écoivres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Érin
Érin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Alva,_Oklahoma
Alva is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Blackwell,_Oklahoma
Blackwell, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Cedar_Valley,_Oklahoma
Cedar Valley, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Clinton,_Oklahoma
Clinton, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dewey,_Oklahoma
Dewey, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Frederick,_Oklahoma
Frederick, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Harrah,_Oklahoma
Harrah, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hugo,_Oklahoma
Hugo, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Lindsay,_Oklahoma
Lindsay, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Miami,_Oklahoma
Miami, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Noble,_Oklahoma
Noble, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Picher,_Oklahoma
Picher, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Ripley,_Oklahoma
Ripley, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Snyder,_Oklahoma
Snyder, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Tonkawa,_Oklahoma
Tonkawa, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Weatherford,_Oklahoma
Weatherford, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Zena,_Oklahoma
Zena, Oklahoma is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.

Audubon_Park,_Kentucky
Audubon Park, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Beaver_Dam,_Kentucky
Beaver Dam, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Berry,_Kentucky
Berry, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bremen,_Kentucky
Bremen, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Burgin,_Kentucky
Burgin, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Campbellsburg,_Kentucky
Campbellsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Centertown,_Kentucky
Centertown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Columbia,_Kentucky
Columbia, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Crestview,_Kentucky
Crestview, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Dayton,_Kentucky
Dayton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Edgewood,_Kentucky
Edgewood, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Eubank,_Kentucky
Eubank, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Flemingsburg,_Kentucky
Flemingsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fredonia,_Kentucky
Fredonia, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Glenview_Manor,_Kentucky
Glenview Manor, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Greenville,_Kentucky
Greenville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hazel,_Kentucky
Hazel, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hollow_Creek,_Kentucky
Hollow Creek, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Independence,_Kentucky
Independence, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Jenkins,_Kentucky
Jenkins, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lakeview_Heights,_Kentucky
Lakeview Heights, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lexington_Greene,_Kentucky
Lexington Greene, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Ludlow,_Kentucky
Ludlow, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Maryhill_Estates,_Kentucky
Maryhill Estates, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Middlesborough,_Kentucky
Middlesborough, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Moorland,_Kentucky
Moorland, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Munfordville,_Kentucky
Munfordville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Northfield,_Kentucky
Northfield, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Owingsville,_Kentucky
Owingsville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Pewee_Valley,_Kentucky
Pewee Valley, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Prestonsburg,_Kentucky
Prestonsburg, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

River_Bluff,_Kentucky
River Bluff, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Russellville,_Kentucky
Russellville, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It was names for General William Russell. He was a soldier in the Revolutionary War in the United States.

Science_Hill,_Kentucky
Science Hill, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Slaughters,_Kentucky
Slaughters, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Southgate,_Kentucky
Southgate, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Stanton,_Kentucky
Stanton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Trenton,_Kentucky
Trenton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Walton,_Kentucky
Walton, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

West_Point,_Kentucky
West Point, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Williamstown,_Kentucky
Williamstown, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Worthington,_Kentucky
Worthington, Kentucky is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Charlottesville,_Virginia
Charlottesville, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.

Galax,_Virginia
Galax, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.

Poquoson,_Virginia
Poquoson, Virginia is a city of Virginia in the United States.

Alberta,_Virginia
Alberta, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Blackstone,_Virginia
Blackstone, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Broadway,_Virginia
Broadway, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Chatham,_Virginia
Chatham, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Clinchco,_Virginia
Clinchco, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Damascus,_Virginia
Damascus, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Edinburg,_Virginia
Edinburg, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Glasgow,_Virginia
Glasgow, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Haymarket,_Virginia
Haymarket, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Ivor,_Virginia
Ivor, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Lebanon,_Virginia
Lebanon, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Middletown,_Virginia
Middletown, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Newsoms,_Virginia
Newsoms, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Pembroke,_Virginia
Pembroke, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Rich_Creek,_Virginia
Rich Creek, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Saxis,_Virginia
Saxis, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Stanley,_Virginia
Stanley, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Timberville,_Virginia
Timberville, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Wakefield,_Virginia
Wakefield, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Woodstock,_Virginia
Woodstock, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.

Ashley,_Illinois
Ashley, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Belleville,_Illinois
Belleville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Bunker_Hill,_Illinois
Bunker Hill, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Carmi,_Illinois
Carmi, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Chester,_Illinois
Chester, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Columbia,_Illinois
Columbia, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

DeKalb,_Illinois
DeKalb, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Edwardsville,_Illinois
Edwardsville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Fairfield,_Illinois
Fairfield, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Galva,_Illinois
Galva, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Goreville,_Illinois
Goreville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Harrisburg,_Illinois
Harrisburg, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Hillsboro,_Illinois
Hillsboro, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Kewanee,_Illinois
Kewanee, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Lebanon,_Illinois
Lebanon, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Loves_Park,_Illinois
Loves Park, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Marshall,_Illinois
Marshall, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Minonk,_Illinois
Minonk, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Mount_Carmel,_Illinois
Mount Carmel, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Nauvoo,_Illinois
Nauvoo, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Oak_Forest,_Illinois
Oak Forest, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Palos_Heights,_Illinois
Palos Heights, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Pinckneyville,_Illinois
Pinckneyville, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Robinson,_Illinois
Robinson, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Salem,_Illinois
Salem, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

St._Charles,_Illinois
St. Charles, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Vandalia,_Illinois
Vandalia, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Washington,_Illinois
Washington, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

White_Hall,_Illinois
White Hall, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Zeigler,_Illinois
Zeigler, Illinois is a city of Illinois in the United States.

Bedford,_Indiana
Bedford, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Carmel,_Indiana
Carmel, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Delphi,_Indiana
Delphi, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Gary,_Indiana
Gary, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Hobart,_Indiana
Hobart, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

La_Porte,_Indiana
La Porte, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Madison,_Indiana
Madison, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Nappanee,_Indiana
Nappanee, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Portland,_Indiana
Portland, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Seymour,_Indiana
Seymour, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Vincennes,_Indiana
Vincennes, Indiana is a city of Indiana in the United States.

Ackworth,_Iowa
Ackworth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Alburnett,_Iowa
Alburnett, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Altoona,_Iowa
Altoona, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Arcadia,_Iowa
Arcadia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Asbury,_Iowa
Asbury, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Avoca,_Iowa
Avoca, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Bassett,_Iowa
Bassett, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Belle_Plaine,_Iowa
Belle Plaine, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Bevington,_Iowa
Bevington, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Bode,_Iowa
Bode, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Bradgate,_Iowa
Bradgate, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Brunsville,_Iowa
Brunsville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Calumet,_Iowa
Calumet, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Carter_Lake,_Iowa
Carter Lake, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Centralia,_Iowa
Centralia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Churdan,_Iowa
Churdan, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Cleghorn,_Iowa
Cleghorn, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Colesburg,_Iowa
Colesburg, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Conway,_Iowa
Conway, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Council_Bluffs,_Iowa
Council Bluffs, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Cushing,_Iowa
Cushing, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Dayton,_Iowa
Dayton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Delmar,_Iowa
Delmar, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Dike,_Iowa
Dike, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Dubuque,_Iowa
Dubuque, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Eagle_Grove,_Iowa
Eagle Grove, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Eldora,_Iowa
Eldora, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Ellsworth,_Iowa
Ellsworth, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Everly,_Iowa
Everly, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Farragut,_Iowa
Farragut, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Fort_Atkinson,_Iowa
Fort Atkinson, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Fruitland,_Iowa
Fruitland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

George,_Iowa
George is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Goldfield,_Iowa
Goldfield, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Grandview,_Iowa
Grandview, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Grimes,_Iowa
Grimes, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Hamilton,_Iowa
Hamilton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Harris,_Iowa
Harris, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Hayesville,_Iowa
Hayesville, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Holstein,_Iowa
Holstein, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Humeston,_Iowa
Humeston, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Ireton,_Iowa
Ireton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Jolley,_Iowa
Jolley, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Keomah_Village,_Iowa
Keomah Village, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Kiron,_Iowa
Kiron, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Lake_Park,_Iowa
Lake Park, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Larrabee,_Iowa
Larrabee, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Ledyard,_Iowa
Ledyard, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Lidderdale,_Iowa
Lidderdale, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Littleport,_Iowa
Littleport, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Lovilia,_Iowa
Lovilia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Lytton,_Iowa
Lytton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Manilla,_Iowa
Manilla, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Marengo,_Iowa
Marengo, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Mason_City,_Iowa
Mason City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

McClelland,_Iowa
McClelland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Andriy_Shevchenko
Andriy Shevchenko (born 29 September, 1976) is a football player. He plays for Milan and Ukraine national team.

Acosmeryx_socrates
"Acosmeryx socrates" is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It lives in southeast Asia.

Circe
Circe was a sorceress who trapped Odysseus and made him her lover.

Uranus_(mythology)
Uranus or Ouranos is a Greek god of sky and heavens. In Roman mythology, his equivalent was Caelus, the husband of Terra. A planet Uranus is named by this god.
Uranus is son of goddess Nyx, or Mother Earth Gaia. The children of Uranus and Gaia are Titans, Cyclopes and Hecatonchires. Cronus, the youngest Titan, was castrated his father with sinckle. From Uranus' blood is born Aphrodite, the goddess of love and beauty. Other Uranus' children are giants Gigantes, Erinyes and Meliae.

Brach
Brach is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Cabanac-et-Villagrains
Cabanac-et-Villagrains is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Camiran
Camiran is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Carcans
Carcans is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Castillon-de-Castets
Castillon-de-Castets is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Cenon
Cenon is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Coirac
Coirac is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Créon
Créon is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Dardenac
Dardenac is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Eyrans
Eyrans is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Fours,_Gironde
Fours, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Gauriac
Gauriac is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Grignols,_Gironde
Grignols, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Hourtin
Hourtin is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

La_Rivière,_Gironde
La Rivière, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Lagorce,_Gironde
Lagorce, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Lanton,_Gironde
Lanton, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Le_Haillan
Le Haillan is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Le_Tourne
Le Tourne is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Les_Églisottes-et-Chalaures
Les Églisottes-et-Chalaures is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Louchats
Louchats is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Lussac,_Gironde
Lussac, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Margaux
Margaux is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Mauriac,_Gironde
Mauriac, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Montagoudin
Montagoudin is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Mérignas
Mérignas is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Origne
Origne is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Plassac,_Gironde
Plassac, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Prignac-en-Médoc
Prignac-en-Médoc is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Queyrac
Queyrac is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Ruch
Ruch is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret
Saint-Antoine-du-Queyret is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Christoly-Médoc
Saint-Christoly-Médoc is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Estèphe
Saint-Estèphe is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Germain-de-Grave
Saint-Germain-de-Grave is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Julien-Beychevelle
Saint-Julien-Beychevelle is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Léon,_Gironde
Saint-Léon, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Martin-de-Sescas
Saint-Martin-de-Sescas is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Médard-en-Jalles
Saint-Médard-en-Jalles is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Pierre-de-Mons
Saint-Pierre-de-Mons is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac
Saint-Seurin-de-Cursac is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Saint-Vincent-de-Pertignas
Saint-Vincent-de-Pertignas is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Sainte-Eulalie,_Gironde
Sainte-Eulalie, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Sallebœuf
Sallebœuf is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Savignac-de-l'Isle
Savignac-de-l'Isle is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Taillecavat
Taillecavat is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Toulenne
Toulenne is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Villandraut
Villandraut is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Bonzac
Bonzac is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Biganos
Biganos is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Beautiran
Beautiran is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Balizac
Balizac is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Asques,_Gironde
Asques, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Andernos-les-Bains
Andernos-les-Bains is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.

Furcula_furcula
The Sallow Kitten ("Furcula furcula") is a lepidoptera from the family Notodontidae. They can be found in Europe and the North of Iran. They are attracted to light.

Takashi_Mizunuma
Takashi Mizunuma (born 28 May, 1960) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Yokohama Marinos and Japan national team.

Masakiyo_Maezono
Masakiyo Maezono (born 29 October, 1973) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Japan national team.

11912_Piedade
11912 Piedade (1992 OP5) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 30, 1992 by E. W. Elst at the European Southern Observatory.

Natural_gas_vehicle
A natural gas vehicle or NGV is an alternative fuel vehicle that uses (compressed or liquefied) natural gas instead of fuel.

9013_Sansaturio
9013 Sansaturio (1985 PA1) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 14, 1985 by E. Bowell at the Anderson Mesa Station of the Lowell Observatory.

90140_Gómezdonet
is a main belt asteroid that was found on December 28, 2002.

9032_Tanakami
9032 Tanakami (1989 WK4) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 23, 1989 by T. Seki at Geisei.

10371_Gigli
10371 Gigli (1995 DU3) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1995 by L. Tesi and A. Boattini at San Marcello Pistoiese.

11016_Borisov
11016 Borisov (1982 SG12) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 16, 1982 by L. I. Chernykh at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.

18019_Dascoli
18019 Dascoli (1999 JJ126) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 13, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

18028_Ramchandani
18028 Ramchandani (1999 KO14) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on May 18, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

3021_Lucubratio
3021 Lucubratio (1967 CB) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 06, 1967 by P. Wild at Zimmerwald.

3038_Bernes
3038 Bernes (1978 QB3) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1978 by Chernykh, N. at Nauchnyj.

19007_Nirajnathan
19007 Nirajnathan (2000 RD68) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 2, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Pablo_Aimar
Pablo Aimar (born 3 November, 1979) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Benfica and Argentina national team.

Masahiro_Fukuda
Masahiro Fukuda (born 7 December, 1966) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Urawa Red Diamonds and Japan national team.

Tatsuya_Tanaka
Tatsuya Tanaka (born 27 November, 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Urawa Red Diamonds and Japan national team.

Gareth_Barry
Gareth Barry is an English footballer. He was born on February 23, 1981. He plays for Aston Villa.

01873_(UK_Area_Code)
01873 is a UK dialling code for the Abergavenny, Wales area. It is a geographical code.

Needville,_Texas
Needville is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States. About 2,600 people lived into Needville as of the year 2000. Needville has an area of 1.7 square miles.

Valea_Râsului_River_(Motru)
The Valea Râsului River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania. That means it flows into the Motru River.

Racovăţ_River_(Coşuştea)
The Racovăţ River is a tributary of the Coşuştea River in Romania. That means it flows into the Coşuştea River.

9053_Hamamelis
9053 Hamamelis (1991 VW5) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 2, 1991 by E. W. Elst at the European Southern Observatory.

Just_Fontaine
Just Fontaine (born 18 August, 1933) is a former French football player. He has played for France national team.

Vavá
Vavá (born 12 November, 1934) is a former Brazilian football player. He has played for Brazil national team.

Dino_Baggio
Dino Baggio (born 24 July, 1971) is a former Italian football player. He has played for Italy national team.

Diego_Sinagra
Diego Sinagra (born 20 September, 1986) is a Italian football player.

Vermiform_appendix
In human anatomy, the appendix (other names include vermiform appendix; cecal (or caecal) appendix; vermix) is a blind ended tube connected to the cecum (or caecum), from which it develops embryologically. The cecum is a pouch-like structure of the colon. The appendix is near the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine.
The term "vermiform" comes from Latin and means "worm-like in appearance".
The appendix has no function in humans, but it can cause diseases (like appendicitis).
Darwin suggested that the appendix was perhaps used to digest leaves as primates. Over time, humans have eaten fewer vegetables and have evolved. Over thousands of years, this organ has become smaller to make room for the stomach. It may be a vestigial organ of ancient man that has degraded down to nearly nothing over the course of evolution. Evidence can be seen in herbivorous animals such as the Koala. The cecum of the koala is attached to the juncture of the small and large intestines-like in humans - and is very long. This enables it to host bacteria specific for cellulose breakdown. Early man’s ancestor may have also relied upon this system and lived on a diet rich in foliage. As man began to eat foods easier to digest, they became less reliant on cellulose-rich plants for energy. The cecum became less necessary for digestion and mutations that previously had been deleterious were no longer selected against. These alleles became more frequent and the cecum continued to shrink. After thousands of years, the once-necessary cecum has degraded to what we see today; the appendix.
Evolutionary theorists have suggested that natural selection selects for larger appendices because smaller and thinner appendices would be more susceptible to inflammation and disease.

Măcriş_River_(Şuşiţa)
The Măcriş River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania. That means it flows into the Şuşiţa River.

Păpăuţi_River
The Păpăuţi River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania. That means it flows into the Covasna River.

Pârâul_Gruiul_Lung
The Pârâul Gruiul Lung River is a tributary of the Rudari River in Romania. That means it flows into the Rudari River.

McIntire,_Iowa
McIntire, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Meservey,_Iowa
Meservey, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Minden,_Iowa
Minden, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Montezuma,_Iowa
Montezuma, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Moulton,_Iowa
Moulton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Nashua,_Iowa
Nashua, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

New_Providence,_Iowa
New Providence, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

North_Buena_Vista,_Iowa
North Buena Vista, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Juverţelul_River
The Juverţelul River is a tributary of the Juvertul River in Romania. That means it flows into the Juvertul River.

Oakland_Acres,_Iowa
Oakland Acres, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Onawa,_Iowa
Onawa, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Cotoru_River_(Şuşiţa)
The Cotoru River is a tributary of the Dealu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Dealu River.

Oxford_Junction,_Iowa
Oxford Junction, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Panora,_Iowa
Panora, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Persia,_Iowa
Persia, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Pleasanton,_Iowa
Pleasanton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Prairie_City,_Iowa
Prairie City, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Quimby,_Iowa
Quimby, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Reasnor,_Iowa
Reasnor, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Richland,_Iowa
Richland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Robins,_Iowa
Robins, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Roland,_Iowa
Roland, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Runnells,_Iowa
Runnells, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Salix,_Iowa
Salix, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Shambaugh,_Iowa
Shambaugh, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Sherrill,_Iowa
Sherrill, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Slater,_Iowa
Slater, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

Spirit_Lake,_Iowa
Spirit Lake, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

90709_Wettin
90709 Wettin (1990 TX3) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 12, 1990 by F. Borngen and L. D. Schmadel at Tautenburg.

Stanton,_Iowa
Stanton, Iowa is a city of Iowa in the United States.

9074_Yosukeyoshida
9074 Yosukeyoshida (1994 FZ) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 31, 1994 by K. Endate and K. Watanabe at Kitami.

Legal_education
Legal education is the education of people who wish to become legal professionals or those who wish to earn their law degree.

Izvorul_Alb_River_(Uz)
The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania. That means it flows into the Uz River.

Claudio_López
Claudio López (born 17 July, 1974) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Kansas City Wizards.

Valea_Greşurilor_River
The Valea Greşurilor River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania. That means it flows into the Vasilatu River.

The_Great_Gatsby
"The Great Gatsby" is a book by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was first sold in 1925. The book takes place in New York City and Long Island in New York.
"The Great Gatsby" is one of the most popular books in the United States. The book was number two on the Modern Library Association's list of "100 Best Novels of the 20th Century." "Time Magazine" put the book in its "TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005". A 1989 study found that 54% of high schools surveyed taught "The Great Gatsby" in their English classes.
The story is told by Nick Carraway, a man who moves to Long Island, New York, from the Midwest. Nick's next-door neighbor is Jay Gatsby. Jay is in love with Nick's cousin, Daisy. But, Daisy is married to a man named Tom. The novel is about Jay and his hope that he can steal Daisy from Tom.

Argançon
Argançon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Avant-lès-Marcilly
Avant-lès-Marcilly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Barberey-Saint-Sulpice
Barberey-Saint-Sulpice is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Bertignolles
Bertignolles is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Bouilly,_Aube
Bouilly, Aube is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Brévonnes
Brévonnes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Chacenay
Chacenay is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

La_Chapelle-Saint-Luc
La Chapelle-Saint-Luc is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Chauffour-lès-Bailly
Chauffour-lès-Bailly is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Colombé-la-Fosse
Colombé-la-Fosse is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Couvignon
Couvignon is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Dienville
Dienville is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Eaux-Puiseaux
Eaux-Puiseaux is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Étourvy
Étourvy is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Fontenay-de-Bossery
Fontenay-de-Bossery is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Gélannes
Gélannes is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Isle-Aumont
Isle-Aumont is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Juzanvigny
Juzanvigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Lévigny
Lévigny is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Longeville-sur-Mogne
Longeville-sur-Mogne is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Magnicourt
Magnicourt is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Marcilly-le-Hayer
Marcilly-le-Hayer is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Méry-sur-Seine
Méry-sur-Seine is a commune of the Aube "département" in the north-central part of France.

Puerto_Escondido
Puerto Escondido is an archeological site in Honduras. The name means "hidden harbour"

Valea_Stânişoarei_River
The Valea Stânişoarei River is a tributary of the Alun River in Romania. That means it flows into the Alun River.

6006_Anaximandros
6006 Anaximandros (1989 GB4) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 03, 1989 by Elst, E. W. at La Silla.

Syrian_hamster
A Syrian hamster is a breed of hamster originating from Syria. Little is known about their life in the wild, but they are kept as pets in many countries including America, Britain, Germany, France, Australia and others.

12142_Franklow
is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 24, 1960.

12359_Cajigal
12359 Cajigal is a main belt asteroid that was found on September 22, 1993 by Orlando Naranjo.

40764_Gerhardiser
40764 Gerhardiser (1999 TA16) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 4, 1999.

Sudbury,_Massachusetts
Sudbury is a town in Middlesex County of Massachusetts in the United States. About 16,850 people were living in Sudbury as of the year 2000. Sudbury has an area of 24.6 square miles.

11697_Estrella
11697 Estrella is a Main Belt Asteroid that was found on March 31, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

11363_Vives
is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 1, 1998.

(172627)_2003_XP10
172627 (2003 XP10) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 9, 2003 by James Whitney Young at the Table Mountain Observatory near Wrightwood, California.

9882_Stallman
9882 Stallman (1994 SS9) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 28, 1994 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

Tropical_cyclone_basins
Traditionally, areas of tropical cyclone formation are divided into seven basins. These include the north Atlantic Ocean, the eastern and western parts of the Pacific Ocean (considered separately because tropical cyclones rarely form in the central Pacific), the southwestern Pacific, the southwestern and southeastern Indian Oceans, and the northern Indian Ocean.

7420_Buffon
7420 Buffon (1991 RP11) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 04, 1991 by Elst, E. W. at La Silla.

13543_Butler
13543 Butler (1992 AO2) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 2, 1992 by Spacewatch at Kitt Peak.

35352_Texas
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 7, 1997.

20285_Lubin
20285 Lubin (1998 FU58) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

35441_Kyoko
35441 Kyoko (1998 BH33) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on January 31, 1998 by M. Akiyama at Mishima.

Celestine_Babayaro
Celestine Babayaro (born 29 August, 1978) is a football player. He has played for Nigeria national team.

Melbourne_Victory_F.C.
Melbourne Victory F.C. is a football club which plays in Australia.

Scythians
The Scythians or Scyths () were an Iranian speaking people of horse-riding nomadic pastoralists who dominated the Pontic steppe throughout Classical Antiquity. By Late Antiquity the closely-related Sarmatians came to dominate the Scyths in this area. Much of the surviving information about the Scyths comes from the Greek historian Herodotus (c. 440 BC) in his "Histories", and archaeologically from the exquisite goldwork found in Scythian burial mounds in Ukraine and Southern Russia.

List_of_geological_features_on_Ariel
This list of geological features on Ariel tells you the named geological things on the moon of Uranus called Ariel. Nearly all of the features are named after fictional or mythological people, places or things.
Valleys.
Valleys on Ariel are called "valles".
Chasms.
Chasms on Ariel are called "chasmata".

129234_Silly
is a main belt asteroid that was found on August 8, 2005.

11241_Eckhout
11241 Eckhout (6792 P-L) is a Main-belt Asteroid. That means that it is part of the main asteroid belt.

John_de_Menteith
Sir John de Menteith (c. 1275 - c. 1323) was a Scottish nobleman.
On August 3rd, 1305, William Wallace was captured at Robroyston, near Glasgow. His captor, Sir John Menteith, the ‘false’ Menteith, has gone down in Scottish legend as the betrayer of Wallace, but he acted as many others would have. Menteith was no English lackey, and in 1320 he put his seal to the Declaration of Arbroath.

12279_Laon
12279 Laon (1990 WP4) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1990 by E. W. Elst at the European Southern Observatory.

Ken_Naganuma
Ken Naganuma (born 5 September, 1930) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Furukawa Electric and Japan national team.

LMS_diesel_shunters
The London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) pioneered the use of diesel shunting locomotives in Great Britain.

Yasuharu_Sorimachi
Yasuharu Sorimachi (born 8 March, 1964) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Japan national team.

British_Rail_Class_D2/11
In 1958 Brush Traction Ltd and Beyer Peacock co-operated to produce five prototype diesel-electric shunting locomotives of 0-4-0 wheel arrangement. They were intended to demonstrate a new generation of diesel shunters for industrial and mainline use. Two were loaned to British Railways for trials, and one was subsequently purchased by BR. However no large scale orders resulted from these demonstrators.

21410_Cahill
21410 Cahill is a main belt asteroid that was found on March 20, 1998 by LINEAR.

British_Rail_Class_416
The British Rail Class 416 (or 2EPB) electric multiple units were built between 1953 and 1956. They were intended for inner suburban passenger services on London's Southern Electric network.

Always_(Sum_41_song)
"Always" is the most recent single by Sum 41, released on their first compilation album '. It is the only new song on the record, recorded especially for this release, and was released as a radio single on December 9, 2008.
Although the album was released on November 26, 2008, the song was released to the public for free listening on the Universal Japan website on November 11, 2008.
Overview.
"Always" is not a typical Sum 41 song. It switches tempos back and forth during the whole song, from an acoustic slow intro to an up-tempo verse and chorus, up until a quiet piano break, again into an up-tempo chorus, and back to a totally stripped acoustic slow break from the whole tempo of the song. The song features a prominent use of piano and acoustic guitar, and has a much heavier sound then the one present on the band's last album "Underclass Hero".
Like the band's last effort, "Underclass Hero", the song was totally produced, mixed and engineered by lead singer Deryck Whibley himself.

Canon_(company)
Canon is a company in Japan that produces cameras, film, and other products related to photography.
History.
Canon started life as the Precision Optical Instruments Laboratory in 1937. In 1934, the first ever camera prototype made in Japan was made by the Canon company, called the Kwanon. In the next few years, Canon became an innovating force, creating and improving on new camera products.
Today, Canon creates everything from digital cameras and camcorders to laser printers and film.
Name Origins.
The name Canon came from a product. The company's first 35mm camera was named 'Kwanon' after a Buddist goddess.
Locations.
Canon is now an international company. Canon has buildings in the Americas, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Japan, Asia, and the South Seas.

Croats
Croats () are a South Slavic nation mostly living in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and nearby countries. There are around 5 million Croats living in the southern Central Europe region, along the east bank of the Adriatic Sea and an estimated 9 million throughout the world. Large Croat communities exists in a number of countries, including Argentina, The United States, Australia, Germany, Chile, New Zealand and South Africa. Croats are noted for their unique culture, which throughout the ages, has been variously influenced by both the Eastern world and the Western world. The Croats are predominantly Catholic and their language is Croatian.

British_Rail_Class_482
"This article concerns the trains used on the Waterloo & City Line immediately prior to its takeover by London Underground in 1994. For their service after 1994, see London Underground 1992 Stock"
The British Rail Class 482 electrical multiple units were built by Adtranz in 1992, for use on the Waterloo & City Line. The units are almost identical to the 1992 tube stock built for the Central Line.

Principality_of_Transylvania_(1571–1711)
The Principality of Transylvania was a semi-independent state. It was ruled by mostly Calvinist Hungarian princes. The Principality existed as a semi-independent state from 1571 to 1711. It was a part of the Habsburg Monarchy / Austrian Empire from 1711 to 1867.

British_Rail_Class_502
The British Rail Class 502 was a type of electric multiple unit originally built by the London Midland and Scottish Railway at their Derby Works. Introduced in 1940 and withdrawn by 1980, they spent the whole of their working lives on the electrified railway lines of north Liverpool.

British_Rail_Class_AM1
Class AM1 was allocated to the prototype AC electric multiple units, converted from fourth-rail DC electric stock in 1952 and used on the Lancaster/Morecambe/Heysham route. This route had been electrified by the Midland Railway at 6.6 kV, 25 Hz AC, but the frequency was changed to 50 Hz in 1953 to test the prototype AM1 stock.

MR_electric_units
The Midland Railway experimented with electrification on its Heysham-Morecambe-Lancaster line. Electric trains started to run over this route in 1908, using the overhead 6.6 kV, 25 Hz AC electric supply installed and generated at the MR's own power station in Heysham.

Duchy_of_Courland_and_Semigallia
Duchy of Courland and Semigallia was a duchy in Baltic region that existed from 1562 through 1795. It was a vassal state of Grand Duchy of Lithuania and later of Poland-Lithuania. It became independent in 1791, but was annexed by Russian Empire in 1795 during Third Partition of Poland.
It had its own empire. One of its colonies was modern day Trinidad and Tobago.

Airan
Airan is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Annebault
Annebault is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Auquainville
Auquainville is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Barneville-la-Bertran
Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Beaulieu,_Calvados
Beaulieu, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Bernières-sur-Mer
Bernières-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Blonville-sur-Mer
Blonville-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Bourgeauville
Bourgeauville is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

SR_Class_4Lav
The Southern Railway (SR) gave the designation 4Lav to the electric multiple units built to work the semi-fast services on the route between London and Brighton. None of these units survived long enough in British Rail ownership to be allocated a TOPS class.

Bréville-les-Monts
Bréville-les-Monts is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Cairon
Cairon is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Canteloup,_Calvados
Canteloup, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Caumont-l'Éventé
Caumont-l'Éventé is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Cheffreville-Tonnencourt
Cheffreville-Tonnencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Colleville-Montgomery
Colleville-Montgomery is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Condé-sur-Seulles
Condé-sur-Seulles is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Coudray-Rabut
Coudray-Rabut is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Courvaudon
Courvaudon is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Croissanville
Croissanville is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Dampierre,_Calvados
Dampierre, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Drubec
Drubec is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Esquay-Notre-Dame
Esquay-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Fierville-Bray
Fierville-Bray is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Formentin
Formentin is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Fresné-la-Mère
Fresné-la-Mère is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Glos
Glos is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Grandcamp-Maisy
Grandcamp-Maisy is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Hermanville-sur-Mer
Hermanville-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Hérouville-Saint-Clair
Hérouville-Saint-Clair is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Mândra_River_(Olt)
The Mândra River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. That means it flows into the Olt River.

La_Chapelle-Haute-Grue
La Chapelle-Haute-Grue is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

La_Lande-sur-Drôme
La Lande-sur-Drôme is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Landelles-et-Coupigny
Landelles-et-Coupigny is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Valea_lui_Fătu_River
The Valea lui Fătu River is a headwater of the Sebeş River in Romania.

Le_Manoir,_Calvados
Le Manoir, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Le_Mesnil-Mauger
Le Mesnil-Mauger is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Le_Plessis-Grimoult
Le Plessis-Grimoult is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Les_Autels-Saint-Bazile
Les Autels-Saint-Bazile is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Les_Moutiers-en-Cinglais
Les Moutiers-en-Cinglais is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Livry,_Calvados
Livry, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Léaupartie
Léaupartie is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Maizet
Maizet is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Martigny-sur-l'Ante
Martigny-sur-l'Ante is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Mittois
Mittois is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Montfiquet
Montfiquet is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Moyaux
Moyaux is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Notre-Dame-d'Estrées
Notre-Dame-d'Estrées is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Ouilly-le-Tesson
Ouilly-le-Tesson is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Petiville,_Calvados
Petiville, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Pont-d'Ouilly
Pont-d'Ouilly is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Prêtreville
Prêtreville is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Repentigny,_Calvados
Repentigny, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Rubercy
Rubercy is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Arnoult,_Calvados
Saint-Arnoult, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Denis-de-Mailloc
Saint-Denis-de-Mailloc is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery
Saint-Germain-de-Montgommery is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Jouin
Saint-Jouin is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Loup-de-Fribois
Saint-Loup-de-Fribois is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Martin-de-Fontenay
Saint-Martin-de-Fontenay is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces
Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Pierre-de-Mailloc
Saint-Pierre-de-Mailloc is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Saint-Sever-Calvados
Saint-Sever-Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Sainte-Honorine-de-Ducy
Sainte-Honorine-de-Ducy is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Sannerville
Sannerville is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Soulangy
Soulangy is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Tierceville
Tierceville is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Tournay-sur-Odon
Tournay-sur-Odon is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Trungy
Trungy is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Vassy,_Calvados
Vassy, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Vendeuvre
Vendeuvre is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Vieux-Bourg
Vieux-Bourg is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Villons-les-Buissons
Villons-les-Buissons is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Épaney
Épaney is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

Electric_multiple_unit
An electric multiple unit or EMU is a multiple unit train consisting of many carriages using electricity as the motive power.

LMS_railcars
The London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) introduced a number of railcars to service between 1933 and 1939. They were mainly single units but one was a three-car articulated set.

8672_Morse
8672 Morse (1991 PW16) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 6, 1991 by Eric Walter Elst at the European Southern Observatory.

British_Rail_18100
British Rail 18100 was a prototype main line gas turbine-electric locomotive built for British Railways in 1951 by Metropolitan Vickers, Manchester. It had, however, been ordered by the Great Western Railway in the 1940s, but construction was delayed due to World War II. It spent its working life on the Western Region of British Railways, operating express passenger services from London Paddington station.

British_Rail_Class_EB1
The British Rail Class EB1 ("Electric Banking 1") was an electrically powered locomotive used by British Rail in England. It was used during the pre-TOPS period. The other NER electric locos built at the same time were classified as EB1 but were never modified, they later became British Rail Class EF1.

Second_Polish_Republic
Second Polish Republic was name of Polish state from 1918 (end of WWI) through 1939 (start of WWII). When its borders were fixed in 1922 after several wars, it had borders with Czechoslovakia, Weimar Republic, Free City of Danzig, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania and Soviet Union.

Nobuyuki_Furo
Nobuyuki Furo (born 1 January, 1980) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Vissel Kobe.

Tatsuya_Enomoto
Tatsuya Enomoto (born 16 March, 1979) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Vissel Kobe.

13055_Kreppein
13055 Kreppein (1990 TW12) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 14, 1990 by L. D. Schmadel and F. Borngen at Tautenburg.

6239_Minos
6239 Minos (1989 QF) is a Apollo asteroid and Venus-crosser asteroid that was found on August 31, 1989 by Carolyn S. Shoemaker and Eugene Merle Shoemaker at Palomar.

31824_Elatus
31824 Elatus (1999 UG5) is a centaur that was found on October 29, 1999 by the Catalina Sky Survey.

Neptune-crosser_asteroid
A Neptune-crosser asteroid is an asteroid whose orbit goes over that of Neptunes' orbit.

Silent_Alarm
"Silent Alarm" is an album by Bloc Party. It was released on the 14th February 2005 in the UK and in the USA, it was released on the 22nd of March.
Track Listing.
The albums tracks were written by lead singer Kele Okereke and guitarist Russell Lissack. The album was produced by Paul Epworth who also produced "A Certain Trigger" by Maximo Park and "Made Of Bricks" by Kate Nash.

Bergen-Belsen
“ Here over an acre of ground lay dead and dying people. You could not see which was which... The living lay with their heads against the corpses and around them moved the awful, ghostly procession of emaciated, aimless people, with nothing to do and with no hope of life, unable to move out of your way, unable to look at the terrible sights around them... Babies had been born here, tiny wizened things that could not live... A mother, driven mad, screamed at a British sentry to give her milk for her child, and thrust the tiny mite into his arms, then ran off, crying terribly. He opened the bundle and found the baby had been dead for days.
This day at Belsen was the most horrible of my life.

(9945)_1990_KX
(9945) 1990 KX is a main belt asteroid that was found on May 19, 1990 by E. F. Helin at the Palomar Observatory.

15155_Ahn
15155 Ahn (2000 FB37) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 29, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

Chesterfield_tramway
The Chesterfield and District Tramways Company was a tramway system in the Derbyshire town of Chesterfield.

British_Rail_Class_D3/9
British Rail Class D3/9 was a class of four locomotives built by the London and North Eastern Railway at their Doncaster Works in England. It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period.

Steam_locomotives_of_British_Railways
The steam locomotives of British Railways were used by British Railways over the period 1948-1968. The vast majority of these were inherited from its four constituent companies.

Metropolitan-Vickers
Metropolitan-Vickers, Metrovick, or Metrovicks, was a British heavy electrical engineering company of the early-to-mid 20th century formerly known as British Westinghouse. Highly diversified, they were particularly well known for their industrial electrical equipment such as generators, steam turbines, switchgear, transformers, electronics and railway traction equipment. Metrovick holds a place in history as the builders of the first commercial transistor computer, the Metrovick 950, and the first British axial-flow jet engine, the Metrovick F.2. Their factory in Trafford Park, Manchester, was for most of the 20th century one of the biggest and most important heavy engineering facilities in Britain and the world.

Ka_(Cyrillic)
Ka (К, к) is the tenth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [k].
It comes from the Greek letter kappa and is the same as the Roman K.

Masayuki_Okano
Masayuki Okano (born 25 July, 1972) is a Japanese football player. He has played for Japan national team.

Cha_Bum-Kun
Cha Bum-Kun (born 22 May, 1953) is a former football player. He has played for Korea Republic national team.

National_Express_East_Coast
National Express East Coast is the name under which the train operating company NXEC Trains Ltd operates the "InterCity East Coast" rail franchise, which includes services in England and Scotland along the East Coast Main Line. NXEC Trains Ltd is a subsidiary of National Express Group. National Express took over the franchise from the Great North Eastern Railway (GNER).

British_Rail_MPV
The Multiple-purpose Vehicle or MPV is a purpose-built departmental derivative of a diesel multiple unit. Twenty-five two-car units were ordered by Railtrack to enable it to replace its motley collection of ageing departmental vehicles, many of which were converted from redundant passenger stock.

Network_Rail_New_Measurement_Train
The Network Rail New Measurement Train (NMT) assesses the condition of track so that engineers can determine where to work. It is converted from High Speed Train Class 43 power cars and Mark 3 coaches. It can check the condition of all main lines in Great Britain in a fortnight.

Euston_tube_station
Euston tube station is a London Underground station served by the Victoria Line and both branches of the Northern Line (not to be confused with nearby Euston Square tube station). It directly connects with the Euston mainline station above it. The station is in Travelcard Zone 1.

4471_Graculus
4471 Graculus (1978 VB) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 8, 1978 by P. Wild at Zimmerwald.

4478_Blanco
4478 Blanco (1984 HG1) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 23, 1984 by Ferreri and Zappala at La Silla.

4661_Yebes
4661 Yebes (1982 WM) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 17, 1982 by M. de Pascual at Yebes.

1360_Tarka
1360 Tarka (1935 OD) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 22, 1935 by C. Jackson at Johannesburg (UO).

15129_Sparks
15129 Sparks (2000 ET47) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 9, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

16017_Street
16017 Street (1999 CX65) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 12, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1660_Wood
1660 Wood (1953 GA) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on April 07, 1953 by J. A. Bruwer at Johannesburg (UO).

1371_Resi
1371 Resi (1935 QJ) is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on August 31, 1935 by K. Reinmuth at Heidelberg.

Katsuo_Kanda
Katsuo Kanda (born 21 June, 1966) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Japan national team.

Isao_Homma
Isao Homma (born 19 April, 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Albirex Niigata.

Pioneers_(song)
"Pioneers" is a single by Bloc Party from their album Silent Alarm. It was released in the UK by Wichita Records on 18 July 2005.
A cover of this song was released by bands such as the Mystery Jets and Tunng.
The video was made by the company "mini vegas" and directed by Aoife Mcardle.

1665_Gaby
1665 Gaby (1930 DQ) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1930 by Reinmuth, K. at Heidelberg.

1676_Kariba
1676 Kariba (1939 LC) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on June 15, 1939 by C. Jackson at Johannesburg.

11111_Repunit
11111 Repunit (1995 WL) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on November 16, 1995 by T. Kobayashi at Oizumi.

1928_Summa
1928 Summa (1938 SO) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 21, 1938 by Y. Vaisala at Turku.

1883_Rimito
1883 Rimito (1942 XA) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on December 4, 1942 by Y. Vaisala at Turku.

18119_Braude
18119 Braude (2000 NZ24) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 4, 2000 by the Lowell Observatory Near-Earth Object Search at the Anderson Mesa Station.

18124_Leeperry
18124 Leeperry (2000 NE28) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 3, 2000 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1838_Ursa
1838 Ursa (1971 UC) is a Outer Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 20, 1971 by P. Wild at Zimmerwald.

17488_Mantl
17488 Mantl (1991 TQ6) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on October 2, 1991 by L. D. Schmadel and F. Borngen at Tautenburg.

17777_Ornicar
17777 Ornicar (1998 FV9) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on March 24, 1998 by the OCA-DLR Asteroid Survey at Caussols.

18623_Pisces
18623 Pises (1998 DR13) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on February 27, 1998 by the Pisces Observatory at Pisces.

18830_Pothier
18830 Pothier (1999 NZ35) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on July 14, 1999 by the Lincoln Laboratory Near-Earth Asteroid Research Team at Socorro.

1908_Podeba
1908 Pobeda (1972 RL2) is a Main-belt Asteroid that was found on September 11, 1972 by N. Chernykh at Nauchnyj.

Teruo_Iwamoto
Teruo Iwamoto (born 2 May, 1972) is a former Japanese football player. He has played for Japan national team.

Decency
Decency is behaving as social norms say. The idea behind decency is avoiding embarassment to oneself or to others.

Hurricane_Luis
Hurricane Luis was one of the most powerful storms of the very active 1995 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Luis was the strongest storm to hit the Leeward Islands since Hurricane Hugo in 1989. Luis was one of the four tropical cyclones active from August 22 to September 1 along with Humberto, Iris, Jerry, and Karen.
History.
Hurricane Luis formed on August 27 near Cape Verde as Tropical Depression Thirteen. It reached Tropical Storm status on the 29th. It reached hurricane status on August 30 and reach category 4 strength on September 2. The next day Luis reached it highest winds.
Retirement.
The name Luis was retired in the spring of 1996 and will never be used for another Atlantic hurricane. It was replaced with Lorenzo in the 2001 season.

A.S.D._Spezia_Calcio_2008
A.S.D. Spezia Calcio 2008 is a football club which plays in Italy.

Red-violet
Red-violet is a deep shade of magenta.
On the old fashioned red-yellow-blue pigment color wheel, red-violet was the color between red and violet on the color wheel and thus was the equivalent of pigment purple.
Meaning of red-violet.
Red-violet is used to represent wine (especially in advertising and in animated films, and thus is associated with the Greek god Dionysus and with celebrations, parties, and the theatre in general (In Greek mythology, Dionysus was the god of the theatre as well as of wine).
Electric purple observed on spectrum beyond violet by ultraviolet sensitives.
It has been reported by ophthalmologists that those who have their lenses removed and replaced with clear plastic intraocular lenses can see partway into the ultraviolet and view electric purple (a shade of red-violet) on the spectrum beyond violet because it has been shown that the retina has some ultraviolet sensitivity which is normally blocked by the natural lens. Presumably, tetrachromatic animals such as birds can also see this color on the spectrum. These observers able to see partially into the ultraviolet describe the color they can see beyond violet in the ultraviolet as a sort of lilac, that is, red-violet (purple), the color of the lilac flower.

Nilotic
Nilotic is a word that refers to a number of people who speak Nilotic languages. Today they live in Sudan, Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania and Ethiopia. Most of them are farmers, raising cattle.

West_Ukrainian_National_Republic
The West Ukrainian National Republic (Ukrainian: Західно-Українська Народна Республика, Zakhidno-Ukrayins’ka Narodna Respublyka or ЗУНР, ZUNR; also translated "West Ukrainian People's Republic") was a short-lived republic that existed in late 1918 and early 1919 in eastern Galicia, that claimed parts of Bukovina and Carpathian Ruthenia and included the cities of Lviv, Peremyshl', Kolomyia, and Stanislaviv.
The coat of arms of the West Ukrainian People's Republic was a yellow lion on the blue field looking to the right. The colors of the flag were blue and yellow.

Ukrainian_People's_Republic
The Ukrainian People's Republic (; also translated as the Ukrainian National Republic, abbreviated UNR (УНР), in order to distinguish it from communist People's Republics) was a republic in part of the territory of modern Ukraine after the Russian Revolution, eventually headed by Symon Petliura.

Grand_Duchy_of_Lithuania
The Grand Duchy of Lithuania (, old literary Lithuanian: "Didi Kunigiste Letuvos", Ruthenian: "Wialikaje Kniastwa Litowskaje, Ruskaje, Żamojckaje",,, Russian: "Великое Княжество Литовское", German: "Großfürstentum Litauen") was an Eastern and Central European state from the 12th /13th century until the 18th century. It was founded by Lithuanians, one of the pagan Baltic tribes, whose initial lands covered the eastern part of present day Lithuania, Aukštaitija. It later expanded its territory to include large parts of former Kievan Rus. The Grand Duchy of Lithuania covered the territory of present-day Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, Transnistria and parts of Poland and Russia. At its greatest size, in the 15th century, it was the largest state in Europe.
Consolidation of Lithuanian lands started in the 12th century, as marked by extensive raids by Lithuanians of wealthy cities such as Novgorod and Pskov. The 13th century saw the beginning of the wars with the Teutonic Knights and the Livonian Order. It witnessed the rise of Mindaugas, who was crowned as King of Lithuania in 1253. The title of "Grand Duchy" was consistently applied to Lithuania from the 14th century onward. The multi-ethnic and multi-confessional state emerged only at the late reign of Gediminas. During the reign of his son Algirdas, the grand Duchy expanded more than under any other ruler.
Algirdas's successor Jogaila opened a new chapter in the history of Lithuania by signing the Krėva agreement in 1386. This treaty paved the way for coronation of Jogaila as a King of Poland, acceptance of Roman Catholic Christianity by Lithuania, and establishing a dynastic union between the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Kingdom of Poland, to the Catholic faith.
Soon afterwards, Vytautas the Great acquired supreme power in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Vytautas led the army of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania into the Battle of Grunwald in 1410, which signified the downfall of the Teutonic Order. After Vytautas's death, Lithuania's relationship with the Kingdom of Poland greatly deteriorated. Lithuanian noblemen tried to break the personal union with the Kingdom of Poland. Unsuccessful wars with the Grand Duchy of Moscow forced the union to remain intact, despite the opposition from some noblemen like the Radvilos.
Eventually, the Union of Lublin in 1569 created the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. In this federation, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania had a separate government, laws, army, and treasury. During Commonwealth times, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania was involved in many wars, like the Livonian War, the Northern War and others. The Union with Poland failed to prevent territorial losses to the ascending Russians. In 1795, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was destroyed and partitioned between Imperial Russia, Prussia and Austria.


